# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-02-25

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkRQWoFW2zU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/471

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Timothy Willison (@timmywil)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)


## Agenda

### Announcements

* Extended the CFP for OpenJS World, apologies for issues with submission tool last week
* Collaboration summit planning meeting following this week, standards meeting at 2pm EST
* Registration is open for OpenJS World, hotel block should fill up quickly
  * Discounts on concurrent conferences as well.

* Joe: Open office hours, one scheduled this Thursday with focus on Express
  * ok if I open a repo in the org for open office hours.
  * no objections voiced.
*OpenJS Foundation: AMA w/ webhint March 4th at 9 am PT. Please submit questions here: https://forms.gle/XsdfdeNkX9txbhu17

* Eemeli -> Need to open up nominations for non-impact voting members as current term ends at the end of March. Will file issue: #472
* Michael -> We also need to make sure impact projects are aware as they may need to re-confirm their representatives.

### Board Meeting Updates

* Micheal: Nothing from board. Let michael know if there are anythings to bring to board
* Jory: will there be public session
* Michael: They always plan to do public session if time permits; there is discussion to extend time to make sure public session happens

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/summit

* Travel Fund Questions for Project Community Members [#249](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/249)

  * Jory: when we got to projects and their communities, want it to be clear how they can make use of Travel Fund. What are requirements. How maintainer evaluates requesters status within project.

* Some discussion, next step for PR to be submitted to add to current travel documentation.
  Discussed that starting with the process being the CPC reps approving for their projects would
  make sense.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Populate the Code Of Conduct Panel [openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct#3](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct/issues/3)

* Discussion around next steps
* Robin asking marketing committee for rep and reaching out to projects for reps as well
* Brian had send email to start process of getting CPC and Board reps

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * No update, still in progress

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)
  * No update, still in progress


* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Work still underway

* Add admin policy docs [#185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/185)
  * Still on Joe’s plate, no update

* Project Directed Funding [#90](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/90)
  * We talked about this last week, Brian to add Board agenda item hopefully we can
    Share next week.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)
  * Plan was to get admin docs landed, no other updates
  * Meeting today, on agenda to agree on “charter/scope” for the WG

* Joining the Unicode Consortium [#43](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/43)
  * Kris, no objections from the board, legal did review of their policies and all good
  * Brian will start to pull together the application.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

