# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-03-24

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3Iy1pMDZFw
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/500

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Ant√≥n Molleda (@molant)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Saulo Nunes(@saulonunes)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Sean Larkin (@TheLarkInn)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Summit Planning meeting today, immediately after this one! ([zoom](https://zoom.us/j/742726725))
  * [Standards WG Meeting](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/73) today, at 2 p.m. EST
  * try thanksbot!
  * call for content for marketing

* Robin, still monitoring the situation, also exploring virtual options. Committee reviewing
   the submissions is working away reviewing them.  Should have great content regardless
   of how the event is held.

* Joe, talking about having eslint in next office hours time.

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

  * No update this week, meeting this Friday if there is anything that should be added.

### openjs-foundation/summit

* Travel Fund Questions for Project Community Members [#249](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/249)
  * Divi, created PR to integrate, working through review/discussions in the
    PR #492

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* \[Action Requested\] Nominations Sought for 2020-2021 Voting CPC Membership  [#488](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/488)
  * Joe, receiving self nominations.
  * Michael, reps for Node.js have been confirmed. (Joe and Matteo have been
     reconfirmed for the next year)

* webhint: project charter review [#482](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/482)
  * Ready for official review
  * Anton will comment on that issue and we want voting members to approve
    as per governance

* OpenJS Collaboration Network ? [#474](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/474)

* Populate the Code Of Conduct Panel [openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct#3](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct/issues/3)
  * Matteo have reached out moderation team in Node.js. Jordan volunteered
    and will be our representative.
  * Robin still doing, outreach, other projects please send you rep.
  * Joe did we have an email that went out?.
    * Jory, did sent out email, Joe we probably need to follow up.
  * Dillan volunteered for Dojo.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * @tobie will follow-up by next week.

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)
  * Michael: Conflicts resolved, CPC approved, have asked Brian to start
    board vote through email.

  * Dependency of [project-onboarding#42](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/pull/42).

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  *   No update this week

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)
  * Just waiting on the 13 days to pass and then it will land.

* Brian, issue to maintain list of maintainers added at last minute https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/501


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

