# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-02-18

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2d-K6mJ9sGQ
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/467

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Mike Samuel (@mvsamuel)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Chris Hiller (@boneskull)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* CFP for OpenJS World Conference closes Feb 21, please submit.
* Joe, welcome to Dhruv as new regular CPC member

### Board Meeting Updates

* Michael, nothing to report this week.

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/summit

* Travel Fund Questions for Project Community Members [#249](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/249)

Michael: Jory is suggesting the qualifications for taking advantage of the travel fund. They want to define who can take advantage of it for getting there. I think it could be a bit more specific, but what we have there is good. It would be good to have other opinions voiced. If we agree this is the list, we should add the guidelines about who qualifies. In Node that you had to be an individual contributor, figuring out our guidelines is what we need to do.

Michael: As an FYI - landed the last travel fund related PR which allows projects to requesrt special allocation. Landing criteria had been met.

Joe: Our CPC activity is also posted in the openjs slack channel: #cross-project-council-github

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* OpenJS Office Hours [#465](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/465)

Joe: had several people on the call and came away with action items. It’s an organic way to interface with folks who care about Node. I think it’s a great way to do this for OpenJS/CPC as well. Potentially a bi-weekly open office hours. Ran another last week, and generated action items as well. Talked with Wes Todd about ways to contribute to Express, we’re extrapolating that more now. This should be helpful to surface needs from the community to OpenJS leadership, etc.

Robin: We need to make this more discoverable, it’s great and we’re excited about the response. We think this could be a big help.

* Start a Code of Conduct Team [#432](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/432)

Joe: Can probably close this issue now, there’s been enough progress.

Michael: We do need someone to champion phase two – extensions of the MVP. That’s the only thing left to do.

* Populate the Code Of Conduct Panel
[openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct#3](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct/issues/3)

Michael: We’ve landed the first draft. We need to identify the people who will make up the panel. We need to identify bootstrap members and get the diversity of representatives that we require, and identify who’re going be people who make up the COCP moving forward.

Michael: Jory has a list of people from who we’ve elected within various projects that would be good to draw from for this.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)

Brian: Tobie and I will get together on this when both of us are healthy and available. If you have any questions I’m happy to help in the meantime.

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)

Joe: The decision was to land this.

Michael: We needed 50% of the members approval to send to the board for approval, do we have that?

Joe: I have to look at the numbers and verify. Will touch base with Michael offline about this.

* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)

Joe: Michael did you already land this?
Michael: landed this morning as had agreement and landing criteria was met.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)

Joe: Mrachan and Tobie are working on this atm. On the bottom of this issue I captured 3 areas of action. Myles, any update?

Myles: I’m not aware of any movement here yet. Node has an ongoing program with hacker1, so my guess is this is trying to figure out how to scale this within the node foundation. If we want to do bug bounties, we’ve had to do some work to make that heppen.

Michael: I don’t think that should be a blocker for initial security disclosures.

Myles: I don’t think it would be a blocker for that.

Michael: Maybe AMP through google pays larger bounties than what we could get through the IBB anyway right? I think there’s a lot to think through on that front.

Joe: On the node front, we may want to highlight more than just hacker1 and drop a comment about it in the issue.

* Add admin policy docs [#185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/185)

Joe: just need to get it over the finish line.

Ben: Yep, wrap it up as soon as possible.

* Project Directed Funding [#90](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/90)

Michael: I thought we had some agreement in some portion of the area, but if I’m wrong maybe there isn’t anything blocking.

Brian: agreement/consensus on org wanting to contribute funding; not consensus on crowdfunding

Michael: What we haven’t closed the loop on is documenting the agreement.

Brian: perhaps Brian and Robin can get some final language together on this

Michael: For AMP and Electron, that’s the piece they’re most worried about.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)

Joe: Any update?

Myles: There’s active interest in the team, and moving forward with being chartered given the scope of it. There’s more work to be done solidifying the scope. The only thing that’s missing is being more explicit about what the team is asking for. What kind of documentation will the CPC need to move forward with this? We need docs the context around what the group is, what it means to join, etc. What’s important about chartering this is that it will allow us to send people to be sent to various organizations centrally. My biggest ask is to think about what is needed on the CPC side of the house to make that official?

Joe: The node WG document relates to this. If we Ben and I can get that over the finish line, it can support this.

Myles: We’re not officially chartered to send CPC representatives to various groups and orgs. If we get this chartered, this won’t feel as awkward anymore.

Myles: There’s not official chartering in many of the Node.js working groups atm.

Michael: In the TSC repo working groups, this list is supposed to demonstrate what they are chartered to do.

Myles: We need to get some kind of documentation like this in the CPC repo to describe what each project is about, and what they’re chartered to do.

Myles: For example, as like how ECMA functions – do we need to discuss chartering new projects at every CPC meeting, or let that go to the board?

* Joining the Unicode Consortium [#43](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/43)
  *
Michael: There are only T’s and C’s from legal that we need to hear back on. Everything else seems to be moving forward with this.

Myles: Tangentially, we were discussion on doing something similar through the OSI. Does that need to go through legal?

Brian: I need to submit that to legal, but yes.


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

