# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-12-15

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94YCDPEXpew
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/694

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Sara Chipps (@SaraJo)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Divy (@designMoreWeb)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Tierney Cyren  (@bnb)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Shelley Vohr (@codebytere)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Timothy Willison (@timmywil)

## Agenda

### Announcements
* Marketing committee
* Standards meeting is transformed into working session

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* December CPC meetings [#688](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/688)
  * Closed

* Prepare to open nominations for 2nd Board seat [#687](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/687)
 * one seat is up for election early in new year (CPC representative)
 * open call for nominees the first meeting of 2021
 * This describes the expectations - https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/governance/COMMUNITY_BOARD_SEAT_EXPECTATIONS.md

* Move CPC meetings to bi-weekly cadence [#680](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/680)
  * Suggestion to create a pinned yearly issue inspired from AMP’s Advisory Committee’s https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/101

* Review Individual Supporter program designs [#679](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/679)
  * News on this front, this week.

* \[WIP\] Proposal to remove the Growth Stage [#650](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/650)
  * Tobie also wanted to get feedback from AMP TSC, but won’t be able to get that feedback
     until next year.

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * No update this week.

### openjs-foundation/project-status

* Adds Growth plan template [#56](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-status/pull/56)
  * blocked on adding process to README.md, Tobie has started on it today.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
