# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-04-21

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LT6h8BIQFzc
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/524

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Chris Hiller (@boneskull)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Antón Molleda (@molant)
* Saulo Nunes (@saulonunes)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Brian Warner  (@brianwarner)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Shelley Vohr (@codebytere)
* Divy Tolia(@designmoreweb)
* Timmy Wilison (@timmywil)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Welcome new regular members! 
* Summit Planning group meeting - after this meeting
* Standards WG meeting - after that meeting
* Marketing Committee meeting - after after that meeting
* Node-RED AMA - May 4 - way after after that meeting
* Dojo version 7 release is imminent (this week maybe?)

### Board Meeting Updates

* Meeting later this week.

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* How do we keep Code of Conduct up to date without upstreaming our modifications to it [openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct#6](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct/issues/6)
  * Would be good to have a working session for this and 469 together.
  * Jory seem to remember that had action to set up doodle, instead worked on 
     org doc to capture the different issues we have.

* Populate the Code Of Conduct Panel [openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct#3](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct/issues/3)
  * Would be good to have a working session for this and 503 together.

* Updates to requirements of potential new Regular Members [#513](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/513)
  * Joe, been trying to get into pull request. Will require charter changes.

* Voting members chosen by Regular members [#504](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/504)
  * Nominations being done in the issue as decided last week
  * Any other regular members who are interested, please self-nominate
  * Will start voting process this week. Propose vote being open for one
     week.
  * opovote, being suggested by Tobie, does require paying.
  * Brian, any reason for not using civs (https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/) , its free.
  * Myles if we are ok for condorset model then using civs would make sense.
  * Eemeli: why did we not do the same for past vote on non-impact reps?
    * Jory timeline and process where in conflict, went with minimal viable
    * We should do post mortem.
  * Eemeli: question was why don’t we do this one the same way?
    * Jory more prone to human error.

* Amendment to the by laws to ensure a sign-off between Voting CPC members [#495](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/495)
  * Board vote underway 

* OpenJS Collaboration Network ? [#474](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/474)
  * Michael -> nothing new to report, still high on my list to get to.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance
[#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * Tobie -> Nothing new to report, still high on my list to get to.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * No update this week, will try to follow up with Marcin in a week or so if
     we dont’ see an update

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

