# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-01-21

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlM8TE7MQ9s
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/449

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)

Cursor park!

🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳
🌳       🦑                        🥑                      🌳
🌳                  🚚                    ☚(ﾟヮﾟ☚)   🌳
🌳         🐇                     🐊                       🌳
🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳🌳

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* CFP opened for OpenJS Conference in June
  * Want to cast far and wide net. Please share as it will be Awesome - Jory :)
* Public board meeting this Friday if you want to listen in on public part.
* Big thank you to Tierney and Samuel Attard for upgrading our slack.
* Ben Michael how a regular member on the cross project council

* All, the LF IT team is doing a survey to better understand what unit testing and test automation
   frameworks are being used by projects.  It’s a simple survey with five questions, and will help
   them better understand the various needs of projects.  If you get 45 seconds (literally 45
   seconds), can you please have a look?  Or, if the answer is “none” then that’s valuable too:
   https://www.surveymonkey.com /r/9H5G2GV (link expired)


### Board

* Brian, planning for budget underway
* Michael, hope to see something from Board on travel funding soon, based on Myles
  suggestion.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Meta: Where shall certain resources live? [#445](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/445)
  * Discussion on name for place that projects can find list of benefits/services etc.
  * Brian, often a repo name foundation
  * Michael, that makes sense but seems different from what Jory was asking for
  * Take discussion back to GitHub

* Start a Code of Conduct Team [#432](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/432)
  * Jory sent out email to project mailing list to get people interested in helping define the
    problem statement.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * Toby out defer to next week.

* Kicking off an OpenJS Foundation project landscape [#411](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/411)
  * Brian, a draft version has already been put together: https://openjsf-landscape.netlify.com/
  * Brian will take action to add to the issue and we’ll discuss next week.

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)
  * Needs approval by ½ of the voting members.
  * If we can get that done we should be able to get Board vote this week.

* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)
  * Blocked on #432

* Clarify Travel Fund status & process [#377](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/377)
  * Myles, board finance meeting. General sentiment we’d used ½ last year keeping same level
     to cover additional projects seems prudent.
  * No objections to if we need more raising would not be an issue. Will discuss in Friday’s board
    meeting with the goal of Board coming back to CPC with statement along the lines of what
    Myles has suggested.
  * Brian, community bridge includes travel fund functionality. Michael might want to explore
but important to get something landed sooner than later as current situation is confusing so
    possibly explore as a later follow.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * In development,waiting for first cut to review.

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)
  * CLA tool. Kris requires a few more clicks, feels more corporate. But agree it should
    not really be a big deal, but there was some feedback with concerns.
  * Brian, first time you commit you need to fill in CLA for each project
  * Kris not sure if that’s how it is working, believe would be blocker if it is per project

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)
  * Defer to next week as we are out of time.
  * Joe is moving over admin docs which refer to working group requirements as a first pass https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/443


### openjs-foundation/project-onboarding

* Communication channel between CPC and AMP infra WG [#31](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/issues/31)
  *



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
