# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-03-03

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChAmBmGmKIQ
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/477

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* MylesBorins(@MylesBorins)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)

## Agenda

### Announcements

Myles: Tickets are available for OpenJS world!

Rachel: Webhint AMA tomorrow at 9am PT ‚Äì please join!
We‚Äôre trying 9am now and seeing how the timing goes, we‚Äôre open to feedback though. As long as timing doesn‚Äôt overlap with an OpenJS meeting, the timing will be good.
We‚Äôre trying to accommodate as many folks as possible.

### Board Meeting Updates

Michael: We had the board meeting this week, hoping that Brian will have something to share on directed funding for 
 companies who want to provide additional funds to a specific project.  This has been mentioned as something needed by the Electron / AMP projects.

Myles: We met last Friday, and we have an in-person meeting this Monday. If there‚Äôs anything you‚Äôd like us to consider or discuss before then, please let us know since we‚Äôll be moving fast on Monday.

Michael: We agreed to do the public session at the start of the next meeting on Monday March 9th at 3pm PST / 6pm ET.

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/summit

* Travel Fund Questions for Project Community Members [#249](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/249)

Joe: I think what we‚Äôre looking for is a PR in response to this issue.

Michael: That‚Äôs where we left off. üëç

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Projects with Windows and Mac installers? [#476](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/476)

Michael: If a project has these installers and has signing certificates to do them, would having the CPC validate them be helpful? Up for discussion.

* Opening nominations for the next year's voting CPC members [#472](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/472)

Eemeli: The next step for this is to file the issue in the repo, opening the voting period. Jory took it on herself to be in touch with the impact project. Was there talk of circulating a message to be sent in the discussion of language and all that?

Joe: I‚Äôll ask jory and figure out what the next steps are here. Chris suggested shedding some voting members.

Michael: The impact of how we onboarded voting members is that we now have two, and if we‚Äôre concerned about having less voting members or not now ‚Äì we need to consider if it would make much difference day to day if someone who‚Äôs a regular member was a voting member or not.

Joe: I don‚Äôt think regular members need to be voting members per se for now.

Eemeli: This sounds like premature optimization atm. Shouldn‚Äôt we experience this a little more before we make these decisions?

Michael: The main issue is that we‚Äôre going to have less non-impact voting members.

Eemeli: We need to go now with the actual voting, and then fix it later.

Michael: I think these are independant issues anyway, they shouldn‚Äôt block any progress.

Joe: I‚Äôve now got action items for moving forward voting stuff! üéâ

* Populate the Code Of Conduct Panel [openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct#3](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct/issues/3)

Robin: We‚Äôre still looking for people to self-nominate. If you represent projects on this call, please reach out to me and Brian for people you‚Äôd like to nominate, and we can reach out to them directly via email.

Michael: If we have good candidates in (eg.) the moderation team, we‚Äôd probably want to reach out to them. For example: we had someone who was fairly active from the AMP team, we should probably invite them as well.

Eemeli: Do we have a clear listing of who‚Äôs on the bootstrapped CoC panel anywhere?

Michael: Not yet, I think there‚Äôs an issue but we haven‚Äôt landed on a list yet.

Joe: I‚Äôve got this on my list, I‚Äôll try to help push it forward as well.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)

Joe: This is on Tobie‚Äôs plate. He‚Äôs sick atm. I‚Äôm going to reach out about this and #386, and see if I can help him get these over the finish line. Nothing new on these two, I‚Äôll try to help get them over the finish line.

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)

Michael: reached out to Marcin, nothing to report this week but he is going to try to attend next week to give an update.

* Add admin policy docs [#185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/185)

Joe: I have an open PR, will adjust based on comments.

Ben: Already on it, should have the updates committed sometime today.

* Project Directed Funding [#90](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/90)

Michael: Board discussed this week, believe we should have some text shared within next
     week or so on the aspect of Companies donating to specific projects.

OpenJS Collaboration Network [#474](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/474)

Michael: Just like you can boot up a project within the ecosystem, we‚Äôre interested in offering a bootstrap process with similar resources the CPC provides for inter-project collaboration. Probably going to be based on subject: eg. Security, diagnostics, etc. I‚Äôm just proposing this because the WGs are already organic for people who‚Äôre already in the projects that host them, but it may not be easy for outside groups to have a way in to potentially collaborate. Is this a good thing, or bad thing? Is this just something that should be left for the working groups?

Darcy: I think this is a good thing. I‚Äôd like to help formalize this a little more.

Joe: I like this idea too. My only concern is around how it would work and the overlap with what node is already doing, is it elevating work from over groups over node?

Michael: I don‚Äôt think we should push groups to move up just because we know them. Part of the underlying explanation of this could be for groups to get more involved in the node project. Maybe for that reasoning this should just stay a part of the node project. We‚Äôre just interested in bringing projects together in a way that they haven‚Äôt been able to before.
Michael: I don‚Äôt think we should push groups to move up just because we know them. Part of the underlying explanation of this could be for groups to get more involved in the node project. Maybe for that reasoning this should just stay a part of the node project. We‚Äôre just interested in bringing people to collaborate in a way that they haven‚Äôt been able to before.
Eemeli: A space is something you can come into and collaborate, then go away and do your thing ‚Äì however, ‚Äòworking group‚Äô has more of a notion of group ownership and that there‚Äôs a bigger barrier to entry. Collaborator spaces seems more inviting. The one thing we should probably not do is have both ‚Äòcollaborator spaces‚Äô and ‚Äòworking groups‚Äô in the same project.

Myles: I think there is distinction though. One has to be given authority over a thing, vs. groups that collaborate but may not have authority over that thing. A good example is chartering. Authority is given when a group is chartered, but collaboration spaces aren‚Äôt. I can understand the feeling of not wanting to create a hierarchy, but there is this important distinction that has to be accounted for.

Eemeli: But on the other hand is that this collaboration space is trying to open up an environment for contributors to have an easier time contributing.

Myles: But we have to have these represented groups who have the credentials to represent the project within various standards bodies and activities. There‚Äôs room for both. If we didn‚Äôt have that distinction, everyone would have to ask the CPC for participation for org body activities, every time they wanted to participate.

Michael: I do see that distinction myself as well. These groups could form and meet outside the foundation, but we‚Äôre trying to give them an official platform to do that collaboration within the foundation.

Eemeli: I can see your point. Would the Standards WG run a Collaboration Space?

Myles: If the CPC chartered the standards group as a working group and there was another space doing collaborative stuff ‚Äì outsiders would be approaching the working groups, not the CPC for permission.

Tierney:

Myles: I would love people to be empowered for people to spin these community spaces from the bottom up. The CPC could help them with the logistics of supporting their groups, and the CPC could operate more as a foundation entity (eg. handling budget, etc). The CPC‚Äôs groups could be responsible for helping collaboration spaces be supported with resources when they request them.

Michael: Groups could request for final formalization of requests from the collaborators from the CPC as needed / makes sense.

Michael: This might require a charter change since this is a little bit of a new scope. We should bring this up to the board and ask them what they think about it, ask if they have any concerns, etc.

Eemeli: We might not have to do that right away. Do we need a charter change for that? We could say ‚Äòhey this is good idea‚Äô, you need a repo ‚Äì here you go.

Myles: I don‚Äôt think that handing out repos, or Github activity in general has anything to do with the charter.

Joe: I agree that we should head down this path, and iterate.

Myles: Iterating as we go is what we should do.

Michael: We should write some baseline governance and go from there.

Myles: A standards related community group is a label in existence from the W3C. We could delineate between the Standards Working Group, and the Standards Community Group. The Working Group is more administrative, the Community Group is an easy way to get involved.

All: General agreement

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)
  * Joe:  part of this was waiting on admin policy docs
  * Joe: The WG worked on [Scope and Responsibilities](https://hackmd.io/kkjTah1XTh2-ubcKLxQD4Q).

Myles: We worked through the final bits of governance, and we landed that. It‚Äôs lightweight. The most important thing to clarify here is to determine the estimated costs of participation. This is not to approve the travel, it‚Äôs just to weigh that the benefits of being involved is worth the cost. So that the CPC can based approvals on the overall expenses and allocation rather than having to work on justifying the spend. The HackMD outlines the scope of the team, and definition.

Myles: Locking down this step is what we need to do, and determining where this needs to land. We have a PR for admin policy docs, and one of them is the WG requirements. We could tease those requirements out of this, but I think we‚Äôre getting pretty close. If you look inside it outlines how to start/join WGs, and insert info about the WGs themselves ‚Äì and that‚Äôs where we would put in the specific reference for scope definition there.

* Joining the Unicode Consortium [#43](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/43)
  Michael: In flight, Brian working on next steps.

Robin: This is a go, Andy gave it a go in legal. Rachel has plans to work on a blog for this. üöÄ


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
