# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-10-22

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DX3l-K8ud4
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/353

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Even Stensberg (@evenstensberg)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Nick O’Leary (@knolleary)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Bernard Lin (@concoquere, observer)
* Matteo Collina
* Robin Ginn
* Rachel
* Brian Warner
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)


## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Jory: Reminder that standards WG meeting is this afternoon.
* Jory: Please submit proposal for collab summit 
* Manil: How to submit a proposal for the Summit (approx 20 mins for barebones proposal)

Go to the issues tab of the Summit repo: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/new/choose
Choose the Summit Topic Proposal template and click Get Started
Fill in the title and sections

### Board updates

* No concerns from Board on Travel fund proposal, landed as stage 3.
* Update on project progression, email vote underway, hope to close soon. 
* Board meeting this Friday. No issues on board to bring up. Please let Michael
  know if you have anything that should be added.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Administering Project Applications [#331](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/331)
  * Proposal to move issues for onboarding for separate repo
  * Jory has looked a bit a some tooling. What do we need to optimize for.
  * Joe try to survive without tool?
  * Tobie, private repo.
  * Michael do review in private part of meeting each week for tracking SLA’s etc
    Then private repo works.
  * More discussion …
  * Joe proposed we do weekly check in the CPC meeting private section and
     create private repo.
     * Sounds like we have consensus on that.  Need somebody to 
       * Create private repo
       * Create initial issues in that private repo
       * Ensure we schedule private section for each meeting
       * Ask foundation staff to bring update on where we are on each of the 
         projects versus SLA’s and next steps so we can review in the meeting each 
         week.


* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Waiting on Security WG team member to work on draft.

* Can CPC member also be champion?  [352](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/352)

  * LJHarb - seems more natural to be separate.
  * Even - also means that you have multiple people.  Re-assuring that you have multiple people
     on the same page. Separate makes its clear.
  * Michael, my thoughts were along the same lines, not strong feeling, but was leaning towards
    being separate is better.
  * Matteo, agree, makes it clearer. Main concern was to clarify this in the doc so that applicants
    Know.  Only downside is that is add a bit more work/process but probably worth it.  Leaning
    towards separate being best as well.
  * Tobie, quite likely from viewpoint of somebody who cannot be both, can look unfair.
  * Even, having 2 separate people helps build trust as well.
  * Consensus in meeting was that it should be 2 separate people.
* JQuery infra meeting met last week. 
  * Talked about some critical issues related to JQuery. Not necessarily generalizable to other
     Projects but some  

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)

  * Link to draft services menu posted on the issue.  Jory will create PR so that we can 
    progress toward landing in the repo.


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
