# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-03-10

## Links

* **Recording**: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geDHP69lvys
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/487

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Marcin Hoppe (@MarcinHoppe)
* Sendil Kumar N (@sendilkumarn)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Divy Tolia (@designMoreWeb)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Agiri (@codeekage)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Collab summit planning meeting, Standards meeting following this.
* Registration open for collab summit + OpenJS World
* Coronavirus update: monitoring closely with LF. Latest update on the [OpenJS World website](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openjs-world/attend/novel-coronavirus-update/).
* Joe Sepi doing [OpenJS Open Office hours](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/open-office-hours) on Thursday (reach out to Joe if interested).

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Info on project directed funding shared in the public board meeting yesterday. We can cover in
  the issue later on in the agenda.

### openjs-foundation/summit

* Travel Fund Questions for Project Community Members [#249](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/249)
  * Joe will look for volunteers to get this landed

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Projects with Windows and Mac installers? [#476](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/476)
  * Brian/Jory any update ?
  * Jory, survey has been sent out. Have received a few responses, leaving open
    to allow more time for answers.

* OpenJS Collaboration Network ? [#474](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/474)
  * Agreed on next steps last time. Michael will take action to draft initial changes to the
    governance, we can remove from the agenda until then.

* Opening nominations for the next year's voting CPC members [#472](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/472)
  * Already closed as other issues to start nominations have been opened
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/488


* Populate the Code Of Conduct Panel [#469](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/469)
  * Robin, looking for self nominations, not much interest yet. Going to start
     reaching out to people.
  * Joe will try to reach out to some spaces in the Node.js community as well.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * Will have more time this week.

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)
  * Will have more time this week.


* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Marcin, https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/489 opened
    today. Right now has more questions than answers.
  * Primary question is how much support and guidance are we able to provide
    To projects as a Foundation.
  * Goal is to get people to minimum consistent standard.
  * Mike Samuel and Jordan Harband: incident response is important; what can foundation provide?

* Add admin policy docs [#185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/185)

* Project Directed Funding [#90](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/90)
  * Details for project directed funded by members shared in public Board meeting yesterday
    Soon to show up on Foundation website under the member benefits section.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)
  * Working on charter/scope.

* Joining the Unicode Consortium [#43](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/43)
  * Legal approved, submitted application, just need final response back from Unicode
    Consortium.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.



