# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-02-16

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfJFRHRsrCo&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/714

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Shelley Vohr (@codebytere)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Michael Dawson  (@mhdawson)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Shelley Vohr (@codebytere)
* Timothy Willison (@timmywil)

## Agenda

### Announcements

- Thinking about everyone who is affected by the storms across the US
- standards wg is having convos with projects to weigh in, we still want to hear from all projects, let us know if you would like to provide feedback
- Marko had a major release, v5, I think
- Marketing meeting is canceled today
- Webdriver v 7:  [https://twitter.com/openjsf/status/1359186503369375751](https://twitter.com/openjsf/status/1359186503369375751)  
- Ajv v 7:  [https://twitter.com/epoberezkin/status/1359917743168962561](https://twitter.com/epoberezkin/status/1359917743168962561)  
- PEP Enters Emeritus Status:  [https://twitter.com/openjsf/status/1359604738090651648](https://twitter.com/openjsf/status/1359604738090651648)  
- OpenJS World CFP Extension to Feb 22:  [https://twitter.com/openjsf/status/1360013072472113177](https://twitter.com/openjsf/status/1360013072472113177)  
- We will be looking for CFP review help
*  [OpenJS CFP AMA with Joe Sepi, Divy Tolia, and Jory Burson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmMmTVJaDtU) 
*  [Bloomberg Membership News](https://openjsf.org/blog/2021/02/03/openjs-foundation-welcomes-bloomberg-as-newest-member/) 
- Sara Chipps is our new Primary CPC Director

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Criteria to move to Emeritus [#713](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/713)
  * Eemeli, if there is active leadership, then â…” vote does not make sense, instead
    just consensus.
  * Jordan, one of the advantages of foundation would be succession, ie if
    current contributors want to be done, then if still makes sense to be active,
    Foundation/CPC could look for new collaborators.
  * Tobie, should be CPC checkpoint (does not care if its is a vote, 
    or something else)
  * Michael, agree there should be a checkpoint, consensus would be fine so
    in this case maybe we should change wording to be consensus versus
    a vote.
  * Eemeli as part of going emeritus, the foundation should be given admin
    access to github repos, npm repos etc.
  * Need an offboarding checklist
  * Actions
    * Updated language (Eemeli will file PR for this)
    * Create offboarding checklist (filed in [#715](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/715))

* Rename master branches [#711](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/711)
  * Michael renamed all of the branches
  * Remaining work is to go through each repo and remove any references in
    the contents.

* Creating a new Twitch channel for OpenJSF  [#710](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/710)
  * Michael, alternative to youtube.  Robin is this something that the Foundation is
    considering to track/build?
  * Concern is you need to build up community.
  * Robin to be successful, needs the community to drive content. Tierney do you
    think we should be investing?
  * Tierney, if we want to do it we need multiple people to commit to do content.
  * Eemeli asks about AMAs and such
  * Michael is looking at stats (We do see up to 600 views for AMAs and even some Node.js community meetings)
  

* Primary CPC Director Election [#707](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/707)
  * Congratulations to Sara who is our new director!

* Improving Diversity and Inclusion at the OpenJSF [#699](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/699)
  * Did working session last week
  * Sara and Tobie are going to start by surveying the CPC
  * Then figure out how to extend to every project.

* Google Summer of Code 2021 [#673](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/673)
  * Applications close on Feb 19, so kind of a last reminder to reach out to Brian
    if project is interested.

* Remove Growth Stage [#650](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/650)
  * Agreed to merge (done)

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * No update.

### openjs-foundation/project-status

* Adds Growth plan template [#56](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-status/pull/56)
  * Agreed to merge (done)


## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
