# Joint Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2019-01-07
## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCYlOxYWSlg
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/67

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
- Todd Moore (@tmmoore_1)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
- Andy Updegrove (@aupdegrove)
- Sarah Novotny 
- Russ Schlossbach
- Daniel Ehrenberg (@littledan)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Mike Dolan (@mkdolan)
- Christian Bromann (@bromann)

## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Update on Progress (15 minutes)

* CPC Charter
  - 5 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - [Proposal Readme](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/03ba5897e9c4e01ac2bf6b118a9a5ea2b5b85f61/proposals/mdawson-cpc-charter/README.md)
    - https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/65
    - MDawson recaps - reframe the CPC to be more open, easier to enter. 
      Thinks this PR is ready to land based on the comments so far. Needs more
      review (currently is Stage 1). Would be good to get more people commenting.
      Give more time to review and land next week.


* Project Progression
  - 5 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - [Proposal Readme](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/03ba5897e9c4e01ac2bf6b118a9a5ea2b5b85f61/proposals/jorydotcom-PROJECT_PROGRESSION/README.md)

  - Proposal described how a project might be categorized when it comes into the Foundation
    and what would be required around levels (e.g. top level project), maturity or other factors in
    order to “graduate” to another level. There are outstanding conversations around governance
    and more work is required to get this pull request across the line. Jory: Would like a focused
    discussion to iterate on this proposal (much like the CPC/C3 responsibilities discussion) to
    move this conversation forward.

* Expectations
  - 5 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - [Expectations.md](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/03ba5897e9c4e01ac2bf6b118a9a5ea2b5b85f61/proposals/hackygolucky-EXPECTATIONS/EXPECTATIONS.md)

  - Myles: Proposes to move the doc to stage 2
  - MDawson: What about the node project board seats?
  - Myles: We have a chunk of time later in the meeting; let’s discuss later in the agenda.

Myles: introduces LittleDan to talk about the foundation’s involvement in standards work. 

* Standards engagement
  - Refs:
    - https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/64
    - https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/63

  - LittleDan: Outreach calls to get spec authors in touch with developers who will
     use their outputs.
  - LittleDan: Invite participants to occasionally attend standards meetings
  - Myles: Interested in exploring partnerships between $Foundation and ECMA itself.
  - Myles: Travel Fund like use for attendance of TC39 as “invited experts”. Process
    for designating / inviting “invited experts” to help $Foundation processes here?

### Discussion (40 minutes)

* Organize the next collaborator summit for $foundation, not just Node.js  [#58](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/58)
  - 10 minute timebox

  - Myles: Recap. Have $Foundation budget for collab summit right before JS Conf EU.
    TC39 also has a meeting right after. There will be many JSF members in attendance
    as well. Do we want to make this a joint meetup?
  - Jory: Idea. Open source “showcase” to show off all projects that will be in the foundation,
     or those that may be interested. 
  - Jory: Idea. At least one project interested in hosting a workshop as a part of this as well.
  - Jory: These projects likely won’t be bringing in large groups for working group meetings, but
     collaborator meetups and networking is helpful for the JSF community right now.
  - Myles: For this first one the “Open Source Bazaar” structure may be beneficial.
  - Dawson: We need to make additional space for this – third track so its an addition vs a 
    subtraction  from dedicated Node.js. Also received feedback that single track content
    is not as helpful as breakout sessions.
  - Tierney: Let’s be cognisant of the time dedicated to organization of these events.
  - Myles: Lots of meetups from “What the Fest” going on. Collaborate w/ JSConfEU to host a public meetup event? Depends on goals of JSF projects with Bazaar.
  - 

* Drafting initial governance for merged foundation [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/33)
  - 30 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qUcvZz4wmQtwcWu9rWjxFNmWw5plD9-4_7mtvQvCegk/
    - What does C3 look like? [#38](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/38)
    - What does the CPC look like? [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/37)
    - Top Level Council(s) Shape and Focus [#52](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/52)
    - https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/projects/1
    - [CPC Charter Proposal](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/03ba5897e9c4e01ac2bf6b118a9a5ea2b5b85f61/proposals/mdawson-cpc-charter/README.md)

  - Myles: Recap work done to differentiate CPC and C3 responsibilities in project board. Not
    clear we need a hard seperation between CPC and C3. This is important for us to figure out 
    sooner rather than later because it will affect allocation of board seats and by-laws.
  - Myles asked if there were any objections to moving forward with one group which would be the CPC.
    No objections from those present, but will ask again in next meeting as not everybody can make each
    of the time slots.
  - Myles: Does Michael's CPC charter cover board representation? If we just have the CPC then we need to
    factor that in.
  - Michael: Not, yet. Will take action to create PR to add that in. (PR is now here: #70)

Naming:

Need to figure out a name for $Foundation. Node+JS has some concerns (e.g. what is the domain as + is invalid). Todd commented that the name of the $Foundation is probably less important than the names of the projects. 
