# Joint Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2019-02-11

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUnqUW0CGIw
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/98

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
- Stefan Thomas (@justmoon)
- Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
- Ben Michel (@obensource)
- Steven Ayr(@stevenayr)
- Russ Schlossbach
- Steve Tuck (@sdtuck)
- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Andy Updegrove (@aupdegrove)
- Hassan Sani (@inidaname)
- Brian Kardell (@briankardell)

## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Discussion (5 minutes)

* doc: add initial CoC wording [#80](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/80)
  - 5 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - Clarify Intentions around Project Codes of Conduct [#75](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/75)

Pull request opened by Michael Dawson, slated for landing as stage 1 (has readme as well as basic documentation).  Covers basics of having a foundation-wide CoC.  Myles believes all points raised in PR have been dealt with, making it a candidate to move to stage 1.

No objections to landing as stage 1.  Further iteration will happen prior to stage 2.

### Proposals (50 minutes)

* [CPC Charter](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/88fdf8aeecbc30bccb148b09bee0e10f54fd9551/proposals/stage-1/CPC_CHARTER)
  - 10 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - remove regular members from CPC charter [#93](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/93)

Currently not consensus about having Regular members, or how many members from each project end up on CPC, but majority of other points have consensus.  Myles believes remaining open items won’t block the bylaws.

Q: Who was the biggest proponent for introducing regular members?
A: Michael Dawson in favor, Myles preferring to not have them

Regular members would be a separate category where a list would be maintained. To give observers a sense of responsibility by volunteering to become regular members. It could become a barrier if people felt they needed to get on a list to participate.

Q: Any benefits discussed to regular members (financial, etc)?
A: None discussed yet, mainly to encourage observers to engage and be included.

Currently working to achieve consensus before moving forward, although it seems this would not block forward progress.

Q: Should we table or drop, or continue to discuss?
A: If the goal is to create inclusion, we can try this and iterate.  If we find it does not foster inclusion, then we can alter or drop it.  But it is worth trying.

Myles to remove objection.

* [Expectations](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/88fdf8aeecbc30bccb148b09bee0e10f54fd9551/proposals/stage-1/EXPECTATIONS)
  - 10 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - expectations to stage 2 [#92](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/92)

Currently in stage 1, open PR to move to stage 2.  Three signoffs to date.  Only major changes are to move to stage 2 and break out parts that are unresolved.  This is the document that is to communicate to the board what is desired from this group.  The key unresolved issues have been broken out separately.

We were planning to close this last week, but left it open for one more week.

Absent comments, this will be moved forward to stage 2.

* [Individual Membership](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/88fdf8aeecbc30bccb148b09bee0e10f54fd9551/proposals/stage-0/individual-membership)
  - 10 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - individual membership to stage 1 [#91](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/91)
    - Create Individual Membership representation proposal [#82](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/82)

Currently stage 0, PR to move to stage 1.  No change to language, just content broken down into README and separate proposal document.  Discussion ongoing between membership class vs. chartered group.

Jory asked for clarification whether the document makes a distinction between membership in bylaws vs membership program.  Action for all to review the document.  Myles notes that this is not intended to be a blocker for stage 1, and is intended to be finalized as stage 2.

Jory notes that she would like to support this, but needs clarity on whether this is a class or a program.  Myles proposed explicitly documenting this as requirement for stage 2.

Action: Myles to add language to the proposal specifically identifying that we need to reach consensus on whether this is an individual membership class, or a chartered program.

Q: Should this be a CPC chartered program or a board chartered program?
A: Jory recommends it be a CPC program, as they are in the best position to ensure community transparency and accountability.

* [Project Progression](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/88fdf8aeecbc30bccb148b09bee0e10f54fd9551/proposals/stage-1/PROJECT_PROGRESSION)
  - 10 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - Move to Stage 2 [#88](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/88)
    - Define 'Open Governance' requirements for Top Level Projects [#74](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/74)

Currently stage 1, PR to move to stage 2.  Would advance the work currently done on project progression in a few key ways.

Changes distinctions in how we require to top level projects, and attempted to define what open governance means.  Worked more specifically on what is required in a proposal.  Request to figure out more specific/explicit metrics for community health, while also allowing CPC some flexibility to make decisions.  Also revised title of stages (Top Level, Incubating, Sandbox) -> (Impact, Growth, At-large).  Decided at last meeting to leave PR open for 1 more week to allow time for comment.  Most discussion has been around metrics, “How do we define acceptance criteria?”

Similar discussion being held with JSF projects, asking them to think about which stage applies to them and encouraging them to make a formal request for placement under a given stage.

Myles asked if there is a timeline, and if there is any insight into how many projects will seek “Impact” level?  Jory’s estimate is that there will be three project explicitly opting in as “Impact” level, but the majority will be “At-large.”  The draw of being a top level project was to participate in the CPC.  Now that the CPC has been opened up, it has mitigated some of the concern about having to be a top-level project to have a voice.

Hoping to have more clarity by next week, informal deadline of Feb 22nd to indicate desired level.

Jory hoping to move proposal to stage 2.  In order to say it’s done, we need the metrics question to be well addressed, and a table depicting where the current projects hope to come in.  No other anticipated issues that will keep this from reaching complete consensus and board support.  Myles noted this is another item which will need some time.

Myles called attention to stage 3 requirements, which are documented in the proposal.

Absent comments, this will move to stage 2.

* Next steps
  - 10 minute timebox
  - What’s next, what do we have to do?

Getting very close with documentation, have almost everything we need to finalize bylaws.  For the most part we have consensus on CPC charter, project progression, expectation documents for the boards, individual membership and how it is chartered.  Still need consensus on how individual membership will be written into the bylaws.  

Also, need to choose between the two proposed outcomes for community board member representation.  This will likely be resolved based upon the discussion for individual membership.

The only thing we need to reach consensus on is the individual membership program.  At that point, we can proceed and resolve/refine as a merged organization.

Jory agrees.  Other projects and ideas can be evolved on the fly.  We are considering the things which have implications for the bylaws, but are also actively considering things which don’t - we will address these things as we go.

Myles throwing some dates out:
Since we seem to have consensus on most things, it makes sense to do another town hall.  Might be far enough along to work out remaining bits in github issues.

Myles recommends a town hall on Tuesday, Feb 19th to give people who haven’t been participating in these meetings a chance to chime in and review.  Jory and Todd Moore agree.  JSF will have an all-project meeting on the 18th, where some of this can be addressed as well.  Between this and the weekly update emails, Jory is hopeful we’ll be able to address any outstanding points.

Other items:
Next Node.js Foundation board meeting is in two weeks.  Reasonable to assume we’ll review everything on that call.
In-person board meeting will be held at OSLS, hopeful to have reps from both boards.

Q: Any concerns about getting bylaws together between now and March 11, and getting them in front of this group?
A: Boards have been fairly plugged in, hopefully will be doable.  This gives us some time to resolve any questions/issues that came up on the boards.

Recap of important dates:
Feb 19: Town Hall (11a PST / 2p EST), Myles to follow up
Feb 25: Next bootstrap meeting

