# Joint Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2019-02-04

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8vmV159peM
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/94

## Present

- Mike Dolan (@mkdolan)
- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Russ Schlossbach
- Steven Ayr
- Todd Moore
- Sarah Novotny
- Jory Burson
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Andy Updegrove
- Brian Warner
- Sarah Novotny
- Andy Updegrove

## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Discussion (20 minutes)

* Project Directed Funding [#90](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/90)
  * Jory came out of discussion from last week. Does not necessarily need to be part of initial
    foundation formation.
  * Michael a few comments were around making sure we have whatever is needed in bylaws
    etc to make is possible.
  * Andy -> does not necessarily need to be in governance/bylaws.  Usually handled in the
    normal governance and can be resolved later. Can be deferred until after formation.
  * Jory, similar to discussion on individual membership program. Better to leave out of bylaws
    if possible or if added do so after having implement/proved out approach.

* doc: add initial CoC wording [#80](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/80)
  * Refs:
    * Clarify Intentions around Project Codes of Conduct 

  * Michael gave a quick overview and summary of outstanding comments
  * Group agreed we should move towards landing as stage 1. Michael will address
    recent comments and then people should review and LGTM as appropriate
    so we can land.

[#75](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/75)

### Proposals (35 minutes)

* [CPC Charter](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/942f7a9fc06cc68db5932e6b5f9ca9e3934ab544/proposals/stage-1/CPC_CHARTER)
  - Refs:
    - remove regular members from CPC charter [#93](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/93)

  * Jory seems like maybe some research would like to do.
  * Andy/Todd simpler is easier to engage people
  * Mike: models that are simpler to engage is usually easier to start with
  * Sarah are motiviate in many different ways. Least friction to get involved is one way.

* [Expectations](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/942f7a9fc06cc68db5932e6b5f9ca9e3934ab544/proposals/stage-1/EXPECTATIONS)
  - Refs:
    - expectations to stage 2 [#92](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/92)

  * believe expectation for Node.js board seat coverage by floating seats
  * Myles proposes that we move to stage 2.  No objections in the call to this landing at stage 2.
  * Aim to land next week, leaving a week for people to chime in.

* [Individual Membership](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/942f7a9fc06cc68db5932e6b5f9ca9e3934ab544/proposals/stage-0/individual-membership)
  - Refs:
    - individual membership to stage 1 [#91](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/91)
    - Create Individual Membership representation proposal [#82](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/82)

  * Jory, Tracy presented last week, well received. Discussion around whether we should
    include in bylaws or run as program. Group was leaning towards running as program without
    being in the bylaws.
  * Andy figure out what you want to do, then can figure out if needs to be in bylaw.
  * Sarah, we focussed on this as it may be one of areas with more discussion and could affect
    bylaws so wanted to discuss earlier on so that it does not become a blocker.
  * Myles one thing is that we wanted to position for success and make it something that
    would be respected. One discussion is around accountability, Mike Dolan any comments
    on that front.
  * Michael Dawson, think accountability concern is related to whether individual members are
    a membership class or not. Possibly some feeling that having a membership class will 
    Provide more accountability. My personal opinion is that individual membership class is not
    needed to achieve the goals of the program.
  * Mike Dolan, complications of having additional membership class outweigh any benefits
    as program can have the same representation and value without the membership class.
  * Myles, how about charter of individual membership program could be part of bylaws, but
    not different membership class.
  * Andrew Updegrove we can put in some placeholder or words that show things are a
    possibility.

* [Project Progression](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/942f7a9fc06cc68db5932e6b5f9ca9e3934ab544/proposals/stage-1/PROJECT_PROGRESSION)
  - Refs:
    - Move to Stage 2 [#88](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/88)
    - Define 'Open Governance' requirements for Top Level Projects [#74](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/74)

  * Jory gave update of current status. One key change in latest proposal is to rename the
    naming for the stages. Moves away from hierarchical to wording that more closely
    reflects the goals of each stage.
  * Myles like many processes, we will only find edge cases as we start to put it into
    practice. Recommend we document somewhere.
  * Myles what about existing projects?
  * Jory, important for members of the JS Foundation that they can see where they would
    be able to identify where they fit. Would allow existing members them to self-select for the
    first year. 
  * Michael would that include being able to self-select into Impact?
  * Jory, yes believe projects will choose appropriate levels.
  * Myles, next steps
  * Jory land this as stage 2, put out poll to find out where existing projects will come in and
    adding where the projects will be initially, when moved to stage 3 could include info about
    where projects will be.
  * Agreed to leave open for another week for more comments.
