# OpenJS Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2019-03-18

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1Z2i8fmilY
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/120

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Gireesh Punathil (@gireeshpunathil)
- Steven Ayr
- Andy Updegrove
- Mike Dolan
- Nick O’Leary (@knolleary)
- Sarah Novotny
- Brian Warner
- Dave Methlin
- Tierney Cyren
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)


## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/bootstrap

* doc: add responsibility for charter review [#116](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/116)
  * Last board meeting, brought a number of stage 2 proposals for Board review
  * Charter was in stage 2, one small change was requested as reflected in: 
https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/116/commits/a33285006c67b6b0ee1153b26829bb41eef106c9
  * Change was requested to make it clear the CPC approves charters for projects and that
    for larger changes Board is consulted.
  * Myles, any objections to landing?
    * None.
  * Myles Mike Dolan can you confirm that proposal was ready for stage 3
    * Yes.
  * Myles will open PR to move to stage 3.

* proposal: move expectations to stage 3 [#108](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/108)
  * Board content is important, but land it into artifacts folder and then break out bits which
    has not been implemented into its own processes/proposals will more content around
    how they will be followed.
  * Myles will go ahead and land it in that way.

* Project Directed Funding [#90](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/90)
  * 15 minute timebox
  * Michael: did we just forget to remove the bootstrap-agenda label?
  * Sarah N, Linux Foundation also add “Community Bridge” as an option in this case.

* Steps to bootstrap CPC and new Foundation [#115](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/115)
  * New Organization
    * Joe Sepi, align with org (OpenJSF)
    * Michael also less characters 
    * Tierney, majority was for OpenJS-foundation
    * Brian, urls that were OpenJS-foundation.org, ojs.foundation, (one I missed) openjsf.org, (we 
      also have .net and .dev
      for openjsf) 
      * openjs.org was already registered.  
    * Myles has already registered OpenJS-found github org and domain.
    * Michael, block on new neutral org or choose one to use why we revisit the name?
    * Myles, earlier feedback seemed to be OpenJS-foundation, go with that and
      the revisit from there?
    * Myles will transfer bootstrap repo over to OpenJS-foundation and mirror membership
      in team to start.  Makes sense to make member of linux foundation (Mike Dolan), 3
      community board members to be current admins.  As CPC spins up then we can
      figure out who ultimate owners will be.
  * Michael will update $Foundation in rest of docs
  * Confirm the list of Impact projects
    * Jory Node.js, JQuery, Dojo, Appium and Webpack
    * Jory will encourage them to start participating in bootstrap and start process of identifying
      their CPC representatives.
  * Michael has anybody talked to Express?  Myles don’t think so.  
    * Michael, will follow up with Express to ask what level they expect to be
  * Target for first CPC meeting?  Upcoming collaborator summit in Berlin.
  * Complete language for project exit clause (https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/96)
    * Move to post-bootstrap?
    * Jory, can Andy provide first draft of what it might look like.
      * From JSF, you can go to any other non-profit, can’t be to for profit org. 
      * It’s to make sure open source ideals are respected.
      * Brian will work with Andy to put some language together.
   
* New zoom, new youtube channel etc.  
  * Brian will ask marketing team to put those in place, main cost is for webinar licence.
  * Brian will also explore alternatives for other projects.

* Is timing of this meeting still good?

* Jory, need to dig into project upkeeping, references to OpenJS Foundation.
  * Jory will open issue to start discussion for that one.

