# Joint Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2019-01-154

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rfbm4QjaOes
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/73

## Present

- Michael Dawson(@mhdawson) 
- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Stefan Thomas (@justmoon)
- Russ Schlossbach
- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
- Steve Tuck (@sdtuck)
- Andy Updegrove (@aupdegrove)
- Christian Bromann (@bromann)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Ben Michel (@obensource)
- Saleh Abdel Motaal (@SMotaal)
- Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian)

## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Update on Progress (15 minutes)

* CPC Charter
  - 5 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - [Proposal Readme](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/f3a20922551773517d557f3d54a4aedbfba4faac/proposals/mdawson-cpc-charter/README.md)
    - https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/65

Mdawson: Update: 2 prs since last discussion. Board represntation wasn’t in the first pr. The proposal includes 1 board seat for the chair as well as 2 other seats tbd by the CPC. For the first year those proceses would be 1) dedicated to the Node projects and the other being a vote of the members with candidates of non-node projects. The folloing years the CPC could decide. Otehr comments have been addressed. Make it clearer that anyone can show up to participate so we added ‘Observers’. Distinction that regular members make contributions on an ongoing basis. Other comments can be discussed later before we progress too much. 

* Project Progression
  - 5 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - [Proposal Readme](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/f3a20922551773517d557f3d54a4aedbfba4faac/proposals/jorydotcom-PROJECT_PROGRESSION/README.md)

Jory: Great meeting this morning, Action items to define open governance for top level projects and to fill gap around code of conduct expectations for projects. Good basis of progress from which to move forward.

* Expectations
  - 5 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - [Expectations.md](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/f3a20922551773517d557f3d54a4aedbfba4faac/proposals/hackygolucky-EXPECTATIONS/EXPECTATIONS.md)

No update since last week, moving on to next item.

* Community Board Representation Stage 1 [#72](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/72)
  - 5 minute timebox

Myles: summary of current system, + work on the CPC proposal from MDawson. Proposal to add community representation based on success of other membership categories such as individual membership. Idea is that this can scale. 

Mdawson: I was guessing it would take a year or so to activate an individual membership seat, so the CPC could use that in the interim.

Jory: Can we hear more about the individual membership program?

Myles: Tracy and Adam will have more on this but are not here today. I don’t want to dig too far into it because there’s another team working on this.

MDawson: can we get Jory a link to the current proposal?

MDawson: we haven’t really been happy with the current program so this is an overhaul to make the program more useful. 

### Discussion (35 minutes)

### nodejs/bootstrap

* Organize the next collaborator summit for $foundation, not just Node.js  [#58](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/58)

Myles: we talked about this briefly last week. It’s next may, just before JSConfEU. We have discussed expanding the scope. 

Jory: {}

Myles: Any issues with closing this issue?

Jory: None

* Drafting initial governance for merged foundation [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/33)
  - 30 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qUcvZz4wmQtwcWu9rWjxFNmWw5plD9-4_7mtvQvCegk/
    - What does C3 look like? [#38](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/38)
    - What does the CPC look like? [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/37)
    - proposal: Community Board Representation Stage 1 [#72](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/72)
    - Top Level Council(s) Shape and Focus [#52](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/52)
    - https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/projects/1
    - [CPC Charter Proposal](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/f3a20922551773517d557f3d54a4aedbfba4faac/proposals/mdawson-cpc-charter/README.md)

All: +1 to closing #38

Myles: We have consensus that there will be some ‘top level’ status that projects that have net some criteria will have voting privileges. We also have regular members that are committed to regular attendance & participation. And Observers who can come and participate but who are not committed to participation.

One thing we talked about as an alternative is that the votes belong to the projects. This has the benefit of making it clearer that anyone can participate. 

Mdawson: how would that work for non-top-level projects. 

Myles: potentially they would not have a vote at the CPC. 

Jory & Ben: favor having an explicit list.

Joe: I’ll concur that I think being project based will add some complexities. 

Myles: Seems like people prefer the clarity, Is 2 members the appropriate amount from each project?

Mdawson: Or we can do up to 2?

Discussion of tradeoffs between having one and two delegates. 

Andy: people need to come into the conversation with the same expectations/understanding of what the roles/responsibilities are. 

Myles/Mdawson: how much of this has to be in the charters vs the governance?

Andy: there’s a draft that’s been prepared. You can take those as a guideline for what’s appropriate. As a generality I prefer to but it in the charter vs the bylaws. Classically the must have in the charter is scope, who can participate, etc. Most of them have a charter and nothing more. But you can have two separate documents. 

Mdawson: we can get agreement on scope, then split it across two documents and that shoudl be fine right?

Myles: I agree, keep it as streamlined as possible. My preference is to have 1 voting member per top level project. And to have regular members and observers.

Tierney: I can see what’s happened in Node happening here, where we get people who become members but then have to drop off a lot. To me being a member doesn’t necessarily mean they are going to be engaged. Having everyone participate as an observer maybe recognizes that trend,

Andy: the one good thing about goverenance is that the same issues show up everywhere. As a generality you are safer looking at other organizations that have thriving individual participation than you are trying to invent your own. 

Sarah: I can add a little from the CNCF. it has ind. Steering committess for different projects and the CPC is focused on the inbound projects. They also have contributors to this group, 9 seats which are voting seats, and everyone actually votes even those with non-binding votes.
Anyone can attend the meeting, and there are people who are TOC contributors and you do a certain amount of work to earn that. 

MDawson: that would be close to what we have written with the members vs. regular members. If we made additional reqs it would be closest.

Group: likes the non-binding vote idea. Anyone can make a non-binding vote. 

Myles: if people are up for it, I think we should merge the two PRs & open a new PR with alternative language to flesh out the ideas we were discussing here, and aim to land something next week?

Two other things: It seems like we need to get a full presentation of the individual membership level. 

We want to minimize hierarchy and maximize participation. 

We should spend some time at the next meeting going over the list of responsibilities and making sure they’re in line with our expections.

We may need to reschedule due to the US holiday on Monday
