# Joint Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2019-01-21

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiXtrwLmqYU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/79

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Sarah Novotny
- Dan Applequist (@torgo)
- Andy Updegrove (@aupdegrove)
- Mike Dolan (@mkdolan)
- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
- Hassan Sani (@inidaname)

## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Project Progression (7 minutes)

* proposal: Community Board Representation Stage 1 [#72](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/72)
  - 5 minute timebox

Myles: Update, this is a proposal that suggests having 3 community seats, one for the cpc, one floating seat appointed annually by the CPC, and one for the individual membership program (the latter two which have activation numbers). A missing thing is whether we are going to move forward with Individual membership program. There is an alternative to this proposal which is in the CPC. 

Mdawson: Can you link to the alternative? Yes.

All: No objections to merging this in as Stage 1. 

* proposal: SHARED_INTERFACES documentation effort [#64](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/64)
  - 1 minute timebox
* proposal: STANDARDS_OUTREACH meetings effort [#63](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/63)
  - 1 minute timebox

Myles: These proposals are from Dan Ehrenberg (@littledan). These programs would be collaborative with TC39. They are only going for Stage 0, but are ideas that we would want to explore.

Does anyone object to landing these to stage 0?

Sarah: Is this needed for the bylaws work we need to get done?

Myles: Good question. I think the intent is that the CPC would continue this process moving forward, beyond the merger. 

Sarah: no objections then. But we should make sure we stay focused on bylaw activities first.

Myles: Lets land these at stage 0, and for now keep proposals that aren’t explicit to the bylaws to stage 0. 

All: +1


### Discussion (45 minute timebox)

* Define 'Open Governance' requirements for Top Level Projects [#74](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/74)
  - 15 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - [Project Progression Proposal](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/4c2bde205b7e01195b24b3ba2320a3ffb1beda56/proposals/stage-1/PROJECT_PROGRESSION)

Myles/Jory: Provides overview.

Jory: Right now we have a project progression proposal, and one of the issues blocking stage 2 acceptance is whether the Top Level Projects should be required to have Open governance, and if so, how is that defined. Current suggestion is to start with the JSF Mentorship program requirements with some changes.  

Mike Dolan: Will provide a template to Jory for project charters (sent during call)

Michael: Where does this fit? 
Jory: I think this fits in a PR for Project Progression Stage 2. 
Next Step: PR to Project Progression to incorporate this and other discussions

* Clarify Intentions around Project Codes of Conduct [#75](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/75)
  - 10 minute timebox

Jory: this topic also came from our conversation last week. We found 3 key questions:
  - Do we allow projects to bring their own CoC?
  - Do we have a CoC committee
-  What is their scope?

  - Discussion so far, require minimum CoC, projects can have a more
    stringent one if they want.
  - CoC committee is a support org, versus a policing role. Chartered out of
    CPC?

Mdawson
“Support & escalation” vs. day-to-day moderation
Chartered not under the CPC, what if there’s a complaint against the CPC?

Dan A
What’s best for the stakeholders of the CoC?
For existing projects that already have a strong CoC, is there some grandfathering?

We did not have consensus around bring your own CoC.
Will projects be able to say “here’s our plan to transitioning to the new CoC?”

Myles: If the project has a good CoC that’s working for them, I wouldn’t want to do churn for the sake of churn.

Myles: It would be good to have some that we approve, as like an ongoing whitelist. We should probably do the same for licenses.

Dan: There is an advantage: if we have this unified support function, it would make their job easier. Who’s reaching out to marginalized groups to make sure that this supports their needs. Let’s make sure this helps their needs. 

Andy: There’s a lot to be said for having one across all projects. Whether that’s important enough is up to you. Who’s going to decide what is and isn’t acceptable. What are you trying to create here? At the LF, there’s been a lot of focus on {}
Do you want your org to be about something, or is it an umbrella? You might want to put it in mind as you continue to have these discussions and make these decisions about codes of conduct. 

Jory: we should do the research Dan suggests.

MDawson: Is this going to be a blocker?

Myles: There is a lot of value in having that one document…

MDawson: if it’s not going to slow projects down from joining, this might be something we want to do.

Action Items: 
MDawson & Myles can take on the action item of talking to Node
Dan & Jory talk to JSF projects
Underrepresented Groups Outreach: Hold
We need a proposal for how this works - MDawson will take the first draft.

* Drafting initial governance for merged foundation [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/33)
  - 20 minute timebox
  - refs:
    - What does the CPC look like? [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/37)
    - [Responsibilities Project Board](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/projects/1)
    - [CPC Charter Proposal](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/e4f893ececad70a5eb1e9693befe2c3d5982b776/proposals/mdawson-cpc-charter/CPC-Charter.md)
    - proposal: Community Board Representation Stage 1 [#72](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/72)



MDawson: Do we have consensus to close #37?

All: yes, ok to close.

MDawson: Main issues for discussion on current CPC charter proposal
  * 4 main topics for discussion
    * Balance between autonomy & enforcement
    * Non-responsibilities of the CPC
    * Board seats  
      - being discussed in alternate proposal
    * Observers vs. Regular vs. Voting members and number of
       voting members.
    - Myles was going to write up some counter proposals?

  * We could focus on the first two today?

Myles: What are the blocking bits in terms of getting toward draft bylaws that have been reviewed by the legal counsels for the foundations. You can regard those as what the lawyers think is the common sense meld, but it still needs to be vetted by the BoDs, and the community.

Mike D. We’re mostly looking at the board seats and who fills them and who makes the decisions about who fills them. As well as the individual membership.

Andy: That’s something that can be done really quickly. After that it can be put into a review. I don’t know that we;ve got any feedback from the boards yet.

Mike: No, we don’t have much from the board yet. Locking down the structure around the board seat assignments and what are we going to do with the individual membership program?

Sarah: If we call it a program, and we don’t call it a membership, does it change?

Andy: if it has to do with with a board seat, it has to go in the bylaws, but you can have membership that is outside the bylaws entirely. Depending on what you conceive membership is. 

Myles: Once we reach consensus on this, what are the remaining things that need to happen to make it official?

Andy: It’s a board vote for the bylaws. The Bylaws require a board vote Mechanically one or two of the orgs will dissolve and the assets will move over. The most pragmatic approach would be for the JSF to dissolve. 

Andy: Generally what’s under the jsf now are the names and marks, and cash, and digital assets. The individual projects, I don’t imagine there’s anything in there that would substantially impact. 

Myles: summarizes next few board meeting dates. What do we think is a reasonable timeline to execute the merge?

We can approve everything in one board meeting. In order to take that vote we should have final versions of the bylaws and the transfer agreement. But it doesn’t make sense to have a vote until those things are in final shape. 

Myles: the march meeting is the earliest we can do this?

Sarah: I think it would be awesome if we could target having this done toward the end of the quarter. 

Jory: I think we need to focus on the individual membership program for the next meeting?

Sarah: Can we get Tracy to come present?

Mdawson: If we’re targeting the end of March, at least a month before that we’d want to be able to put out the almost done work to evangelise, make sure people have seen it, there are no objections. Make sure people feel they were consulted and involved. 

Myles: Can we start that process now, since we almost have everything drafted outside the individual membership program?

Mdawson: I think people are going to question “what does this look like?” I think you need the complete picture and the bylaws on their own aren’t going to do that. 

Jory: Should we do a joint blog post?

Mdawson & Myles: sounds like a good idea, happy to help with that. Let’s sync up this week.  
