# Joint Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2019-02-25

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAGxQStxFhs
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/107

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Christian Bromann (@bromann)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Steven Ayr (@StevenAyr)
- Sarah Novotny (@sarahnovotny)
- Steve Tuck (@sdtuck)
- Aymen Naghmouchi (@aymen94)
- Russ Schlossbach

## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Proposal Advancement (15 minutes)
* [CPC Charter](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/f94c0e919a33bd0323d6190d84f341d21e1a3d6c/proposals/stage-1/CPC_CHARTER)
  * 5 minute timebox
  * Refs:  
    * proposal: Move CPC_CHARTER to stage-2.
      [#100](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/100)

  * MDawson overview: Provides an outline of the makeup of the CPC as well as the roles and responsibilities. This version includes   observers, regular members and voting members. Voting would be reserved for necessary votes (like confirming new projects) or when consensus can’t be reached but a decision needs to be taken. Also re-confirming that CPC meetings are open. Two roles on the CPC: Chair and Director. In addition to the Board representative, the CPC has two other seats (a floating seat, and a third earmarked for the individual membership program).
  * Myles: PR open (#100) moves this from stage 1 to stage 2. The stage 2 proposal substantive change is the top-level to impact stage, and being specific that it can be ‘up to 2’. Do we need an explicit min?
  * Also We had a board meeting for NodeJS on Friday, there are no major concerns. But the board wanted to see more explicit language about chartering new projects. 
  * MDawson: Yes, as part of the project progression the CPC will be responsible for chartering a new project as part of the staging   process. 
  * Myles: There was no push-back on that, but there was more desire for who would be responsible for chartering, and/or projects that were going outside the scope of/at odds with the foundation.
  * MDawson: can you send that feedback to us? It may also fit in the project progression. It should be clear if you want to change the     charter who makes that decision.
  * Myles: Can we move this to stage 2
  * MDawson: I did make some changes since the last meeting, to the CPC representation, there’s one that the CPC can decide on and there’s one that’s earmarked for the individual membership program. I don’t think that’s a surprise to anyone.
  * Jory: {}
  * Myles: {} 
  * MDawson: {}
  * Myles: We did have consensus at the board for the individual membership proposal.
  * Sarah: I thought we had consensus on this as well, the language hasn’t changed.
  * MDawson: 
  * Jory:
  * Tierney: What’s the difficulty of landing a day one patch? Can we set the expectation now that we will probably update this?
  * Myles: I believe the board will operate in good faith, and I don’t think there;’s any intention of taking away any of these seats. Historically the community board seats haven’t been that effective, I’m concerned that we will need more time and support to onboard new directors.
  * Jory: {}
  * Myles: three options 1) move forward with what we have 2) change the number 3) revisit the language. I’m concerned about the edge cases.  
  * Tierney: Is the number of 2000 baked into the bylaws?
  * Myles: yes
  * MDawson: that number was in the proposal that was made for the node individual membership program, and I think it makes total sense for that to be the activation criteria. 
  * Myles: I’ve been pushing on the the current proposal because 
  * MDawson: There were two conflicting proposals that both landed.
  * Sarah: It sounds like there is concern that we are losing representation. Instead we should focus on what is appropriate/needed.
  * MDawson: I don’t think that’s what Jory is saying
  * Myles: Does anyone object to moving this to stage 2?
    * None

* [Individual Membership](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/f94c0e919a33bd0323d6190d84f341d21e1a3d6c/proposals/stage-1/INDIVIDUAL_MEMBERSHIP)
  * 5 minute timebox
  * Refs:
    * proposal: individual membership to stage-2
      [#102](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/102)
  * Myles: Does anyone object to landing number 102?
    * None

* [Community Board Representation](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/f94c0e919a33bd0323d6190d84f341d21e1a3d6c/proposals/stage-1/COMMUNITY_BOARD_REPRESENTATION)
  * 5 minute timebox
  * Refs:
    * proposal: individual membership to stage-2 
      [#102](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/102)

  * Myles: Does anyone object to landing this?
    * None


(We Ran Out of Time for the stuff below)

### Discussion (40 minutes)
* Name of $Foundation [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/84)  
  * 10 minute timebox

* draft proposal: language for project exit clause [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/96)
  * 10 minute timebox

* Project Directed Funding [#90](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/90)
  * 10 minute timebox

* Next Steps  
  * 10 minute timebox

