# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2024-01-23

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0840HBzeY1s
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1233

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Adrian Estrada (@edsadr)
* Paula Paul (@paulapaul)
* Cody Zuschlag (@codyzu)
* rudd (@rudderman)
* Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Natalia Venditto (@anfibiacreativa)
* Marco Ippolito (@marco-ippolito)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Robin and team at offsite today, Tobie had a conflict
* Adrian - CityJS Colombia, please join us.  https://medellin.cityjsconf.org/

### Board Meeting Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-board
- Recent board meeting
  - Provided an update on where we are on the new doc/guidance for the travel fund.

### Staff Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-legal-info
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-staff-update
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-website-update

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Joe, we’ve had a number of people joining as regular members
  * Wes, Evan, Nitan, Paula (board member -> regular member), Marco
  * Big welcome to all: 
    * Marco https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1231
    * Paula https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1222
    * Nitin https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1214
    * Even https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1212
    * Wes https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1210

* Tierney suggested we take an emeritus pass through the regular CPC member list - they will open an issue to tackle this (#1234)

* At the close of the call, Rudd introduced himself and presented a short overview of his role as Security Champion; he also shared the SBOM’s for JavaScript doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KfxNDP4LaKyD5TW3GNEL_VZuKdl9UzuTOfcKgZ3D3bY/edit

* CPC Election: Special Election For CPC Director [#1226](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1226)
  * Sarah stepping down, new election started, deadline for nomination is tomorrow.
  * If you want to run and meet criteria please nominate.

* Google Season of Docs: Node.js Learn Material [#1216](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1216)
  * Discussion ongoing in the issue.

* Adopt a uniform Moderation Process for our CoC [#1215](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1215)
  * See below

* Update and refactor CoC policy and processes [#1135](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1135)
  * See below

* Code of Conduct Plan of Action [#1122](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1122)
  * Joe asked if there were updates on CoC efforts; Paula and Tierney commented on the great conversations in the issue comments; we’d like to land this work when it is reasonable but Tierney would like to ensure we address the conflict of interests definitions as commented. Tobie had responded on all comments and we are very close to resolving this - Tierney asked to be ping’d on Slack to move this forward and we can also have a working session at the next CPC discussion. Michael suggested landing the PR and immediately opening specific issues that are still in need of clarification.
  * Paula will open a thread in the CPC channel to let everyone know we’d like to define the path forward to land the PR and request feedback/comments-

* Revisit Emeritus Stage Definitions [#1185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1185)
  * no updates

* Revamping the travel fund [#1147](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1147)
  * Travel fund assistance can only be received once per year has the biggest number of comments
  * This information was posted as a comment on the issue, for context:
    * There was discussion at the CPC call about whether one grant per person year would be effective, or if there should be a monetary cap per year per person (e.g. a 2000 cap) that could be spread across multiple requests. Looking at the requests from 2023, requests ranged from a little less than 1000 to over 3000, and a few individuals had multiple requests: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/community-fund/blob/main/programs/travel-fund/2023.md

* Standardize on Collab Spaces over Working Groups [#1110](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1110)
  * Natalia has started working on this. Here comment capturing all mentions of "working group" in the CPC repo
    * https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1110#issuecomment-1906145316

* Non-violent communication / strategic workplace conflict resolution training? [#1106](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1106)
  * No update

* Create some documentation / web page to describe the collaboration model of OpenJS projects [#1003](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1003)
  * No update

### Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-working-session

* Path forward to landing the CoC PR 

### Regular reviews

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders, our quarterly review issues, and check the list of issues that can be closed:

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-quartely-review
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-can-issue-be-closed

### Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
