# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2023-04-11

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: [#1053](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1053)

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Paula Paul (@paulapaul)
* Abigail Cabunoc Mayes (@abbycabs)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Kylie Wagar-Dirks (@kyliewd)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Yagiz Nizipli (@anonrig)

## Agenda

### Announcements
 Preparing for Open Source Summit and Collab Summit
CFP for Collab Summit closing

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Add a documentation about the new CoC patching script [#1048](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1048)
  * current process has two steps (PR to make the change, then the bot also opens a PR with the result of the automation process).
  * once the process has been vetted, the second step will be removed and the bot will automatically update the src code with the changes instead of opening a second PR.

* Should we have a co-chair? [#1043](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1043)
  * Agreement to think about this and discuss again next time.

* CPC Elections: CPC Director & CPC Chairperson
[#1041](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1041)

* Is a project OK to use CC CoC 2.1 before OpenJS Foundation does? 
[#1029](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1029)
  * Approved. OK to close.

* Enabling Payments for GitHub Codespaces for Projects [#1009](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1009)
  * Sean to update the issue.

* Create some documentation / web page to describe the collaboration model of OpenJS projects [#1003](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1003)
  * Matteo + Robin + Claudio working on this. Drop a message to Robin on Slack if youâ€™re interested in being part of the discussion.

* Update Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct to v2.1 [#851](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/851)
  * See notes on #1048.

* Licence check support/tooling [#815](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/815)

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * work happening in the working sessions and in a document that Joe is editing.
  * More work sessions planned to complete this work.

* Open Up Community Board Seat
[#1054](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1054)
  * Rough consensus to move forward with this.
  * Agreement to consider all CPC directors the same (no more distinction between roles)
  * Agreement to move towards a CPC board seat per number of projects similar to Silver members.  
  * Tobie to offer CPC charter changes.
  * Robin to work with legal counsel to propose bylaws changes.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Secure the Web Forward Workshop - Call for Papers [#213](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/213)

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Dates and Reminders

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders:
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
