# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2023-10-03

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaE34v3pVfE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1179

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Ben Sternthal (@bensternthal)
* Adrian Estrada (@edsadr)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Yagiz Nizipli (@anonrig)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Adrian, proposal to create ecosystem, report includes poll for end users and a presentation of data in report. 
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1180

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Ask for additional Travel Budget [#1178](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1178)

* Revamping the travel fund [#1147](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1147)
* Will need a recommendation from the CPC, on the DEI question to put to the board. Including if we note that this information is or is not used for granting a request. Recommendation from CPC is to have a checkbox. 

* Elections and Transparency [#1174](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1174)

* Simplify CPC Board representation [#1055](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1055)

* Open Up Community Board Seat [#1054](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1054)

* Should we have a co-chair? [#1043](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1043)

* Requirements for Projects releasing internal projects to 3rd party contributor [#1133](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1133)

* Code of Conduct Plan of Action [#1122](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1122)

* Standardize on Collab Spaces over Working Groups [#1110](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1110)

* Non-violent communication / strategic workplace conflict resolution training? [#1106](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1106)

* Enable ability to have pseudonimity for EasyCLA. [#1088](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1088)

* Requirements for Projects ingesting other existing external projects [#1059](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1059)

* JSON Schema charter request to review [#1056](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1056)

* Create some documentation / web page to describe the collaboration model of OpenJS projects [#1003](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1003)

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

Will work on #1147 and #1178

## Dates and Reminders

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders:
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
