# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2023-05-23

## Links

* **Recording**: ​​https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATP2i3Tk__4
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1074

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Ben Sternthal (bensternthal)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Big thanks to everyone who participated in OpenJS World & Collaboration Summit!
  * Talk recordings will go live/roll out soon (likely have corresponding blog/features)
* CFP’s are now closed for OpenJS World EU (part of Open Source Summit EU)
  * Program committee will begin reviewing proposals this week

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Check, validate, and update, example links in project charter template [#1069](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1069)
  * References a legacy Node.js Charter - comment/feedback is that this seems to conflate (somewhat) the terminology of projects included in the scope of the Charter
  * Tobie will take a look at a first of this work

* Requirements for Projects ingesting other existing external projects [#1059](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1059)
  * Robin to follow up with legal council for any precedents 

* Simplify CPC Board representation [#1055](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1055)
  * The idea is to simplify the relationship between CPC projects & seats
  * General consensus to activate the third seat (but wasn’t confirmed) - there’s consideration to ensure the number of community seats don’t outnumber the board seats
  * Robin to summarize & email the board (ie. likely triggering a member <> council meeting)

* Open Up Community Board Seat [#1054](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1054)
  * See previous item’s notes ^

* Should we have a co-chair? [#1043](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1043)
  * General positive sentiment & related to previous discussion items

* Specify how/where to identify individuals from a project to join the CPC [#1026](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1026)
  * This should be left up to the projects
  * Likely not much that the foundation can do
  * Michael added a comment.

* Create some documentation / web page to describe the collaboration model of OpenJS projects [#1003](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1003)
  * There had been some discussions with Matteo & others in Vancouver
  * [Robin to add context/update/notes on discussions had at OpenJS World]

* Meta: can we fix the link checker? [#916](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/916)
  * Jordan to update issue (likely changing to cron-job)

* Update Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct to v2.1 [#851](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/851)
  * [Circle back]

* Licence check support/tooling [#815](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/815)
  * No progress/update

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * No progress/update

* Balancing privacy vs. transparency for the travel fund [#397](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/397)
  * Seems like this may have been the first, documented, occurrence of someone wanting their request for these funds to be private (potentially others have lapsed without recognition)
  * Seems like this could be handled ad-hoc for now until the demand requires a change in process
  * Privacy concerns are valid
  * Intimidation/shame concerns are valid
  * It seems less harmful to potentially overspend & be more inclusive then to ensure complete transparency throughout the process
  * Should consider the right to erasure (aka. GDPR) for applicants who may want to - in the future - remove identifiable information
  * Robin will follow up with Chief Privacy Officer at the LF & circle back on this

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Secure the Web Forward Workshop - Call for Papers [#213](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/213)
  * Event was rescheduled/postponed

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

Code of Conduct work for next working session

## Dates and Reminders

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders:
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
