# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2023-06-20

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUtw9nTgpd8
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1098

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Ben Sternthal (@bensternthal)
* Rich Trott (@Trott)
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* Ethan Arrowood (@Ethan-Arrowood)
* Claudio Wonder (@ovflowd)
* Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Collab Summit will be happening on Sept 18th alongside OpenJS World EU OSS SUMMIT EU

### Board Meeting Updates

* Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Document process for requesting Organisation Billing (Codespaces + Runners + Etc) [#1092](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1092)
	* Brainstorm in issue!

* Enable Payments for Paid Actions/Large Runners/macOS Runners for webpack [#1089](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1089)
	* let this sit for one week
	* off-topic (but related): Aby/GitHub -> proof of concept -> value of GitHub sponsoring us if thereâ€™s enough

* Enable ability to have pseudonimity for EasyCLA. [#1088](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1088)
	* need to understand what was discussed with the board and if any decisions were made
	* Ben will circle up with Robin next week on next steps

* Requirements for Projects ingesting other existing external projects [#1059](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1059)

* Simplify CPC Board representation [#1055](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1055)
	* Need update from board

* Open Up Community Board Seat [#1054](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1054)
	* Need update from board

* Should we have a co-chair? [#1043](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1043)

* Update Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct to v2.1 [#851](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/851)

* Licence check support/tooling [#815](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/815)
	* Ben followup with IT on status

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)

* Balancing privacy vs. transparency for the travel fund [#397](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/397)

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Dates and Reminders

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders:
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
