# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2023-07-11

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyS-qROzuSc
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1118

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Claudio Wunder (@ovflowd)
* Ben Sternthal (@bensternthal)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Rich Trott (@Trott)
* Ethan Arrowood (@Ethan-Arrowood)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)

## Agenda

### Announcements

- No announcements

### Board Meeting Updates

- Next meeting is third friday of July

* Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Reminder: welcome new members [#1103](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1103)

* Add guidelines for Board updates [#1113](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1113)

* Standardize on Collab Spaces over Working Groups [#1110](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1110)

* Non-violent communication / strategic workplace conflict resolution training? [#1106](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1106)
   * Code of conduct committe require training
   * Can this be made available through the foundation?
   * Robin going through LF training will report back in a few weeks

* Do charters which use the template need to include MIT? [#1105](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1105)
   * Ben will refer this to legal (emailed)

* Provide an SLA and a ticket system for the infrastructure maintained by the Foundation [#1099](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1099)
   * Should be part LF IT infra workstream, Ben will add comment after chat today

* Document process for requesting Organisation Billing (Codespaces + Runners + Etc) [#1092](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1092)
   * Claudio and Ben working on process doc on how this is approved, documented 

* Enable Payments for Paid Actions/Large Runners/macOS Runners for webpack [#1089](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1089)
   * Hold on this while infra work happens through STF, Robin will comment

* Enable ability to have pseudonimity for EasyCLA. [#1088](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1088)
   * From LF legal, not easy.. Topic for next member council meeting Robin will comment

* Requirements for Projects ingesting other existing external projects [#1059](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1059)
   * Robin researching best practices, Robin will comment

* JSON Schema initial charter [#1056](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1056)
   *  

* Simplify CPC Board representation [#1055](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1055)
   * Still being discussed

* Open Up Community Board Seat [#1054](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1054)

* Should we have a co-chair? [#1043](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1043)
   * Consensus that this is a good idea

* Update Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct to v2.1 [#851](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/851)
   * Tobie and Joe working on this

* Licence check support/tooling [#815](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/815)
   * Move to STF workstream

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
   * Tobie and Joe working on this

* Balancing privacy vs. transparency for the travel fund [#397](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/397)
   * Can we use security vulnerability reporting as a way to handle these?
   * Alternatively we can use super simple google form?
   * What should be transparent and to who?
      * Default could be CPC, but a path for someone to request completely privately 
   * Quarterly true up/reporting out on travel fund usage
   * Ben  will play around with private vulnerability reporting and propose a recommendation

* Remaining OSSF Funding [#1384](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1384)
   * Robin will comment that LF can handle

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

* Claudio and Ben will work on github funding for project needs
* Tobie and Joe may work on CoC work

## Dates and Reminders

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders:
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
