# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-01-05

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CC7mjmdEVyw&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/698


## Present
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Sendilkumarn (@sendilkumarn)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Prepare to open nominations for 2nd Board seat [#687](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/687)
  * New term start 1 day of march
  * Vote Complete 9th Feb
  * Open Vote 2nd Feb
  * Eligible candidates: Current CPC members
  * Ones who vote: CPC Voting members

  * In terms of socializing
	* Open issue in Repo (Michael to open)
    * Send email to CPC list (Jory will send email)
	* Remind in each of the CPC meetings

* Move CPC meetings to bi-weekly cadence [#680](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/680)
  * Discussion and agreement. Joe will update calendar.

* Review Individual Supporter program designs [#679](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/679)
  * This can be closed out.

* \[WIP\] Proposal to remove the Growth Stage [#650](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/650)
  * Tobie is getting feedback from AMP TSC

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)

* Improving Diversity and Inclusion at the OpenJSF
[#699](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/699)
  * Link shared by Robin: https://openjsf.org/blog/training-course-on-diversity-in-open-source
  * Link shared by Robin: https://inclusivenaming.org
  * Prompt from Tierney: do we have materials to give to member companies which could also be used by non-member companies to show how leadership provides value in open source projects; specifically around URM being able to show their work/effort/participation
  * Robin will pull data from LF Insights


### openjs-foundation/project-status

* Adds Growth plan template [#56](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-status/pull/56)
  * Tobie should be able to wrap that up this week.



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
