# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-11-09

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/DRjhyxOnYUc>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/810>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Rich Trott (@Trott)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Brain Warner (@brianwarner)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* OpenJS World Programming Committee Meeting - Thursday
* Node.js 17.1.0 was released today
* Node.js certification being updated to Node.js 16, blog post to go out today

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Tech strategy work from the CPC presented; work was well received
* Budget is in a good position
* First board meeting with three new reps

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* \[WIP\] Start listing documents maintained by the CPC [#789](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/789)
  * No update this week.

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * Robin, working on inventory
    * Last week the Linux foundation held a member summit. 2 break out sessions on CoC that
      were packed, + follow on working group.
    * Tobie has checklist in issue, seems like good fit with what was discussed
      * Biggest one is to list who is on the code of conduct committee
    * There will be a new repo, working on 5 points
      * Reducing personal liability, where do you escalate to an attorney
      * When do you centralize/versus decentralized
      * Training, how can Linux foundation fund/support
      * Where work should be done
      * Ensuring diverse voices
    * Let Robin know if you would like to be involved
  * ~30 projects, only 5 donâ€™t have listed on their repos.
    * 10 great
    * Others could use a few tweaks
  * We need to be solid on the process, and what templates can we give to projects
  * Some that have more work are those who are on onboarding process
  * Michael any way we could automate?
  * Tobie, if link is buried, then do we really have a process?

* Create proposal(s) for the Community Fund [#756](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/756)
  * Robin looked at some options for the thank you program
    * pinnacle is one that LF uses
    * Power bricks, water bottles, fleece blankets. ($10-$20 range)
    * Options
      * Could set up OpenJS store, then they could go to store, select
      * Could notify Pinnacle, they would drop ship
    * Pinnacle could range from $12 to $40 internationally
    * Buy 500 of something, then need to add international shipping. Would need about 10k.

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * On the DCO probot app. Lots of discussion. Increasing appetite for LF IT to take on the
    project. So while we thought it was unlikely, it looks more likely now.

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
