# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-10-12

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIFSkCoW808
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/802

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Parris Lucas (@GrooveCS)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Rich Trott (@Trott)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb) 

## Agenda

### Announcements

- Program Committee for [OpenJS World](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openjs-world/) ( [notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13i0FNqlSW-9EA0j92B2WB9w_Qzqgonzs9cxNDXvaKTY/edit?usp=sharing) ), happening Thursday!
- Last Day for [Node LiFT Scholarships](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/diversity-inclusivity/lift-scholarship-2021-recipients/) Friday!
- Thank you to the Node Security Release team - update out
- Eemeli & others at [Unicode Conf](https://events.omg.org/iuc44/) this
- W3C Developer Days as part of [TPAC](https://www.w3.org/2021/10/TPAC/) Register [here](https://ti.to/w3c/tpac2021)
- [nvm release](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/releases)!!! [Node v16.11.0 Blog](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v16.11.0/)
- Welcome 3 new OpenJS Board Reps - Shane, Dan, Alex!
- check out sos.dev


### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* \[WIP\] Start listing documents maintained by the CPC [#789](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/789)
  * Should we land what we already have? Decided to leave it open until it is more complete.

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * Clear plans, have just not gotten to it yet.
  * Robin is half way through the list of projects in documenting where each project is

* Create proposal(s) for the Community Fund [#756](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/756)
  * Next one in pipeline is the thank you program
    * Staff had action to look at different cost models
    * Robin will propose a few ideas
  * Had also discussed support for meetups.

* ci(automation): add link checking [#728](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/728)
  * Should be ready to land

* Dojo report link in Code of Conduct is broken [#645](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/645)
  * Can be closed as doc is now up to date.

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * See: https://github.com/probot/dco/issues/162
  * App may be shut down 
  * Robin/Jory/Brian will follow up with Ry & other LF projects who want to see this supported

* Adjust charter to simplify automated removal rules [1097](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1097)
  * Updated to be able to automate criteria for active TSC members.
  * Need approval from CPC as a charter change.
  * Issue created - https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/803
    * CPC voting members please review/vote

## Next week's working session

Jory provided an update on the working group meeting from last week on the CoC. 
Group decided to cancel next weekâ€™s working session due to conflict with Node Conf.
Other meetings cancelled due to upcoming holidays (Nov. 23, Dec. 28)


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

