# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-05-25

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pF_7tFjQE7g
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/765

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)

## Agenda

### Announcements
* OpenJS World!!!


### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* approve Node.js TSC Charter revisions [#762](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/762)
  * Just waiting now for 14 days as required by -https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/HEAD/governance/GOVERNANCE.md#approving-project-charters
  * Please review/comment as would be good to have more +1s

* move `nvm` from Incubating to At-Large [#760](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/760)
  * Was ready to land, landed. Yay!

* Reminders for long term events [#758](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/758)
  * List the items we want to be reminded about / capture through automated issues (director elections, voting CPC member elections, etc).
  * Perhaps do this as part of a working CPC meeting

* Create proposal(s) for the Community Fund [#756](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/756)
  * Propose a working session on this as well - using Brianâ€™s PR as a starting point

* Slack Moderators - Volunteers requested [#747](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/747)
  * Jory provided some of the details of the ask.

* doc: add travel fund allocation for 2021 [#725](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/725)
  * approved and open for long enough - Michael merged

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * still underway, no update.


## Next week's working session -- CANCELLING (to focus on OpenJS World) 

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
