# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-04-13

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYrK77Eeih8&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/743

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)

## Agenda

### Announcements
LiFT Scholarships are available now: https://openjsf.org/blog/lift-scholarship
Link to Tweet: https://twitter.com/openjsf/status/1381983199488794625?s=20 

Standards meeting happening today (rescheduled) at 2pm ET.

Jory is now AC Rep at W3C


### Board Meeting Updates



*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/summit

* Collaborator summit this year ?  [#306](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/306)

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* doc: add travel fund allocation for 2021 [#725](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/725)
  * CPC should work on a proposal for spending this funds. Including process on how to allocate it. Decision to file new issue.

* Improving Diversity and Inclusion at the OpenJSF [#699](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/699)
Tobie to coordinate some follow up meetings. Anticipates hearing from survey vendors next week. Vendor recommendations include working with other orgs to lighten to cost.

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)

* Update on [Package Vulnerability Management & Reporting Collaboration Space](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/pkg-vuln-collab-space)
  * @darcyclarke planning kick-off meeting with initial members (ref. [tracking issue](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/pkg-vuln-collab-space/issues/1)) & syncâ€™d up last week with @jorydotcom / @rromoff for future marketing/comms
  * @rromoff has a blog post ready once we determine day/time of meeting


## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
