# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-08-03

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxaO3od_beE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/785

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo) 
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Timothy Willison (@timmywil)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Jory, for anybody interested in helping to plan OpenJS World. Committee took short break
  but now back and brainstorming, keynotes, topics etc. Meeting bi-weekly, next one is a week
  Thursday. Info is on OpenJS public calendar.

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.
  * No update from the board this week

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* chore: update Node.js representative [#783](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/783)
  * Rich taking over for Mary as CPC rep.

* Simplify CoC page [#782](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/782)
  * Michael added to agenda as it indicates that CPC is responsible for reports for projects that
    don’t have their own reporting process.
  * Tobie, if there is an issue reporting will likely come to CPC anyway. 
  * Next steps
    * PR into charter (add to the existing PR)
    * Outreach (Robin volunteered) to clarify what will happen if they don’t opt-in and inventory
      what processes each project already has in place
      * should only go to those who have not opted in
    * Write down additional requirements for CoC process that would apply to projects (Tobie will
      open a new issue to discuss that: [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786))
   
* Clarify whether it is a requirement to use either CLA or DCO at OpenJS Foundation [#778](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/778)
  * Remaining question is if we should update the IP policy to clarify you have to
    use one or the other?
  * comment with approach which is: The final discussion was that we'll keep this open. If/when there is some other update to the IP policy then we'll bring up clarifying this point. In the mean time, the guidance doc is pretty clear: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/HEAD/IP_POLICY_GUIDANCE.md#4-adopting-the-dco-or-a-cla

* CPC Chairperson election 2021 [#772](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/772)
  * Jory mentioned that she had not received any other nominations
  * We need to make sure that Joe did not receive any, and if not then we don’t need a vote and
     Joe will continue.

* Reminders for long term events [#758](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/758)
  * No updates this time

* Create proposal(s) for the Community Fund [#756](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/756)
  * Robin working on the application/pre-amble and supporting docs
  * Robin will send soon

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * In communication with maintainer, but they don’t have bandwidth, issue open to get more support

* Kickoff election process for Secondary CPC Director.#784
  *  Kicking off election today open for two weeks and then voting for two weeks
     which will put us right around the Aug 31 date.

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
