# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-05-11

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taM6oQlzjLI
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/757

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Parris Lucas (@GrooveCS)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Last few weeks before OpenJS World, please register
* All channels for OpenJS World in Slack are prefixed with OpenJSWorld; there are a bunch
* Kickoff meeting for pkg vulnerability management collaboration space 

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** before the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Create proposal(s) for the Community Fund [#756](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/756)
  * Placeholder issue to make sure it gets done. The team has put together a draft proposal. 
  * Brian walked the group through the proposal: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/add-community-fund-logistics/proposals/incubating/COMMUNITY_FUND_PROCESS
  * Proposal includes using the LFX Crowdfunding tool
  * Issues like the Wire fees that apply to non-us accounts, costs to those who can’t afford the travel could be addressed on a case by case basis
  * Discussion will continue

* doc: add travel fund allocation for 2021 [#725](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/725)

* The fund has been re-allocated to $60k, and the budget line item has been renamed ‘community fund.’ Up to the community to create a process for review and approval. 

* Update Voting Member Term info [#753](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/753)
  * PR to clarify language. Landed.
  * Tierney volunteers to create a task/action that will notify us.
  * Brian can drop reminders on the [public calendar] (https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=linuxfoundation.org_fuop4ufv766f9avc517ujs4i0g@group.calendar.google.com) |  [short link](http://bit.ly/openjs-calendar )
  * Tobie will open an issue.

* Nominations Open: Voting members chosen by Regular members [#752](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/752)
  * Closing period at the end of the day. Currently 2 nominees.

* Nominations Open: Non-Impact Voting CPC Member Election [#751](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/751)
 * One nominee; Closing period at the end of the day
 * Discussion ensued about how to make this a more active/useful role
 * Useful time for non-impact maintainers to get together 
 * Tobie will open an issue to track

* Slack Moderators - Volunteers requested [#747](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/747)
  * Still looking for volunteers - please let Jory &/or Robin &/or Rachel know. 
  * Jory to clarify the issue so that the two asks are more clear
  * Parris is available

* Voting CPC Members Election [#745](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/745)
  * Issue was broken into concrete addressable items; closing.

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * No update this week.

* `nvm` Charter
[#750](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/750)
  * Jordan update on the status. Everyone that asked for something to be fixed has been completed.


## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
