# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2025-03-18

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ra28G4cXvEk&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1426

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Adrian Estrada (@edsadr)
* Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)
* Ryan Roemer (@ryan-roemer)
* Kate Powell (@kj-powell)
* Ulises Gascón (@UlisesGascon)
* Michaela Laurencin (@mlaurencin)
* Ethan Arrowood (@Ethan-Arrowood)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Sebastian Beltran (@bjohansebas)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Board Meeting Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-board

### Staff Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-legal-info
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-staff-update
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-website-update

_Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting._

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Proposal To Add A SERVICES.md or similar documentation to OpenJS Projects [#1425](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1425)
  * Discussed but without Ben here, we didn’t go far

* Link to same page for CoC Team info [#1422](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1422)
  * merged

* Code of Conduct Plan of Action - Remaining Items [#1417](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1417)
  * will work on in next working session

* Health-check on the NativeScript TSC charter [#1387](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1387)

* Adding affiliation clause to NativeScript charter [#1386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1386)

* continuity policy and package registries? [#1355](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1355)


### Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-working-session

* NEXT WEEK’S working session will be a private working session meeting

### Regular reviews

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders, our quarterly review issues, and check the list of issues that can be closed:

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-quartely-review
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-can-issue-be-closed

### Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

- **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

