# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2025-06-10

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1475

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Michaela Laurencin (@mlaurencin)
* Tobie Langel
* Benjamin Sternthal
* Robin Ginn
* Jon Church
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)
* Adam Ruddermann
* Adrian Estrada (@edsadr)
* Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)
* Ulises Gascón (@UlisesGascon)
* Ryan Roemer (@ryan-roemer)
* Rafael Gonzaga (@RafaelGSS)
* Claudio Wunder

## Agenda
Private session, travel fund

### Announcements

### Board Meeting Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-board
- Going forward, Robin/Kate will share as much as possible of the board deck with the CPC on the call following a board meeting. 

### Staff Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-legal-info
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-staff-update
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-website-update

_Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting._

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Resources: GitHub's DevConnect Program [#1472](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1472)
  * Robin and Kilye to look into it and come back with a recommendation.
  * worth noting requirements assume a trip report is being published.

* Code of Conduct Information sharing between a project and the foundation [#1470](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1470)
  * Discussed in a working session, not raised in the CPC for input
  * Potential legal challenges here. Updating policies to account for this.
  * Bar needs to be high. E.g. a ban.
  * We might need to provide more info/context for projects to be able to make the call
  * Who do you inform in a project?
  * Overall feeling seems to be in favor of being able to share this information for egregious cases.
  * Potential working session topic

* Review NativeScript Charter for Approval [#1467](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1467)
   * Please review the charter (as soon as is reasonable), and comment/thumbs up on the CPC issue. 

* What version of the Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct should we use? [#1457](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1457)
  * Waiting on timeline for CC V3. August 2025 likely.
  * Keeping open until then.

* Proposal To Add A SERVICES.md or similar documentation to OpenJS Projects [#1425](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1425)
  * Rudd providing us with an update on the [draft policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jcKK0vombp2ApKJ-a_OsG1wWriE1yTLrywU6xbcMskg/edit?tab=t.0)
 * Next steps are creating a PR out of the doc and having the CPC comment in the PR

* Code of Conduct Plan of Action - Remaining Items [#1417](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1417)
  * Didn’t address it in today’s call 

* create `.github` repo
 [#1395](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1395)
  * addressed in [openjs-foundation/.github#2](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/.github/pull/2)

* Health-check on the NativeScript TSC charter [#1387](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1387)
  * Addressed in [#1467](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1467).
  * Removing CPC GH label

* continuity policy and package registries? [#1355](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1355)
  * [New draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iaNEO8pYjkeog_rqASWaa9rjn_8kHpCWDXa7qy2G418/edit?tab=t.j66rkgmy0xcr) from Rudd. Will be turned into PR asap.

* Update onboarding and post-graduation checklists to match new CoC policy [#1255](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1255)
  * Didn’t address it in today’s call 

### Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-working-session

### Regular reviews

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders, our quarterly review issues, and check the list of issues that can be closed:

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-quartely-review
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-can-issue-be-closed

### Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

- **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

