# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2022-01-18

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/822

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Alix Robinson

## Agenda

### Announcements

AMA and CFP mentorship channel discussed on slack.

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* License check support/tooling [#815](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/815)
  * Shubhra Kar (SK) sharing preso on dependency and license analysis based on work at Linux Foundation
  * MD: With 200 repos, it's not trivial just to know we've got basic things right like having a top-level license file?  Every single member is going to have problems that might be addressed by these tools.  I want to be able to point a tool at nodejs.org and get a sense of that.  Some problems separable from software bill of materials.
  * SK: presenting project control center that can turn tools on and off
    * Do not have a policy engine today to, for example trigger an alert on an LGPL dependency, but there is an alerting mechanism; can see whether a desired bot is installed on a git repository and integrate results from bots installed across included repositories.
    * Using third party scanners like snyk, inclusive language scanners.
    * Consolidate issue views including for transitive dependencies.  Can drill down and download spreadsheets.
    * Can see licenses aggregated by repository.
  * MD: The scanning seems to be a different use case.  Scanning the full tree.  Our use case is, foundation has approved these licenses, are the top-level licenses (non-transitively) things the board have approved.  Jordan has a tool that does that?  The view SK showed, if GPL showed up because of a dependency, that's not what we need.
  * JH: Interested parties/use case: repository maintainer project (multiple repo) manager, foundation (multiple project) manager.  I have a tool for the second use case, MD wants third?
  * MD: +1 to characterization.  Other policies like do-we-have-a-COC without caring about what's in any repo for third use case.
  * SK: Some mechanisms like regex patterns to scan source code for keywords used for inclusive naming that do not include transitive deps outside the project and aggregate at org level could be used to do use case 3.  Scanning for license pattern.  Not a separate tool for that yet.
  * SK: Can we collaborate to build this?
  * SK: 2-3 months to build.  If JH has a CLI tool we could incorporate, I'm open to that.
  * JH: Initial scope of the tool was to check all my repos have certain GH actions and branch protections.  It doesn't currently support checking files.
  * MD: Having some predefined checkboxes to know what checks to perform is good.
  * EA: What about monorepos?  Multiple separately-published packages in one repo?
  * SK: Auto-discovery (what packages are in a repository, in an org) is built.
  * JH: Github API checks don't support monorepos and my tool doesn't, but spidering through looking for non-root `package.json` should be doable.  I'll probably stick to Github API.
  * SK: Next steps?  Introduce JH and MD to some Linux Foundation engineers?
    * MD: You will send an invite to CPC mailing list.  RG will assist.

* 2022 Google Summer of Code [#821](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/821)
  * Happy to help coordinate submissions under OpenJS foundation, also good for projects to do
     it on their own.
  * 7-21 Feb for potential mentors to indicate willingness.  Details in issue.
  * MD: What is mentor time commitment?  One hour meeting.  Having good first issues helps.  GSoC might require more though.
  * BW: Lead mentor is not alone.  But the lead mentor is effectively their manager.  Limited to college students.
  * MD: Not a general way to fund people to do work.
  * JS: When is "season of docs?"  BW: August.  Outside of school year.

* Add Dates and Reminders to biweekly CPC Meeting template [#820](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/820)
  * https://github.com/nodejs/create-node-meeting-artifacts/pull/111

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * Have a working session planned for Feb 8

* Create proposal(s) for the Community Fund [#756](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/756)
  * Tobie has removed the WIP prefix and draft status of this PR.

## Next week's working session:

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

