# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2022-05-24

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrycuK0bkr4
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/893

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn) 
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb) 
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson) 
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb) 
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Board meeting on June 6 instead of 3rd Friday of June since there will be in person board meeting June 6 in advance of OpenJS World

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* CPC Board Seat Term Limits [#874](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/874)
  * Believe we agreed last time we could close this and focus on the board member
    pipeline/nurturing aspect.

* CPC Board Seat: Election Information and Call for Nominations [#859](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/859)
  * closed nothing to discuss

* Update Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct to v2.1 [#851](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/851)
  * Last Tuesday, CPC working meeting on Code of Conduct
  * Agreed that for the time being should scope to CoC to be “project”, ie
    each project has adopted the Same Code of conduct but applies to
    each individually.
  * Would like to work to expand scope across projects, but don’t have that
     in place and it will require a bigger conversation to achieve that.
  * Agreed we should land without modification, and then have new PR/discussion for
    a change to the base code of conduct.

* A focus on JavaScript security at OpenJS [#826](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/826)
  * Joe sent in application for collab space
  * Jory needs to send to CPC as next step for comments/support etc.

* Licence check support/tooling [#815](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/815)
  * next on the feature list, some delays due to staffing.

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * No updates this week

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Dates and Reminders

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders:
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

