# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2022-02-15

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ba_D31w_0MU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/831

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Rich Trott (@Trott)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Eemeli Aro
* Tierney Cryen
* Robin Ginn
* Christian Bromann <@christian-bromann>
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Sara Chipps

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Robin 
  - Jordan new board representative for Silver members
  - Gold and end user representatives re-elected
  - OpenJS World CFP extended to Feb 25 (week end likely ok as well)
  - Node.js trademark transferred to OpenJS Foundation from Joyent - Yay!

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* A focus on JavaScript security at OpenJS [#826](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/826)
  * Held working session on this last week
    * Discussed if there some minimum requirements to consider

    * Going to set up slack channel on security (just called security)
  * Planned to have follow up session
    * Joe could we use the working session next week - 12 ET? 

* 2022 Google Summer of Code [#821](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/821)
  * Electron is working to get involved and hoping to have a couple of mentors
  * 

* Add Dates and Reminders to biweekly CPC Meeting template [#820](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/820)
  * Plan is to add today links to the meeting template.

* Licence check support/tooling [#815](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/815)
  * Next step is for LF to respond on whether they are going to take ownership for providing
    Something. Added that to the issue

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * Tobie has some notes, will turn into text that will share in issue or doc and we can discuss in
     the next meeting.

* Create proposal(s) for the Community Fund [#756](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/756)
  * 



## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

CPC Meeting schedule issue: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/816

CPC Meeting schedule says "Repo Clean-up". Is that what we want to be doing next working session?


## Dates and Reminders

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders:
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


