# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2022-11-08

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBwaZr68aGM
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/956

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Yagiz Nizipli (@anonrig)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Eemeli Aro
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Kylie WD (@kyliewd)
* Robin Ginn
* Luke Schantz (@lukeschantz)
* Erick Zhao (@erickzhao)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)

## Agenda

### Announcements
  * OpenJS team are in Tahoe for LF Summit

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Talk about issue labels + creating a dedicated project?

* Funds for project-driven initiatives [#953](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/953)
  * Discussed in board meeting yesterday, working out budget
  * Will summarize feedback with Matteo
  * Michael mentioned setting LFX Crowdfunding account to take H1 bug bounties, may
    help us work out how we manage the account for initiatives like this.

* Clarify voting processes [#923](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/923)
  * Placeholder issue for areas of improvement 
  * Keep on agenda?  Have a working session? We should have a better documented process.     Luke will Chase down.  Something from Brian or Jory.
  * Why would every project not have a rep?  Carried over from the merging of orgs.
  *  Clarify the election process not the voting process.
  *  Luke will book time with Joe to review.

* Add patching script for CoC modifications [#910](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/910)
  * Engineering work needs to be finished.  Been handed off to Joe.
    * Tierney took a fetchAndPatch script and specialized it but I don't know where that ended up.
  * Engineering group working sessions to get the work done?
  * Disintermediating Eemeli so all At Large projects having voting member suggestion.
  * Asynchronous communication before a more focused governance review.
  * Review and simplify. 

* OpenJS World 2023 planning [#908](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/908)
  * Closing as we are joining Open Source Summit NA with a micro-conference.

* Update Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct to v2.1 [#851](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/851)
  * Going to move forward with this over the next week.

* License check support/tooling [#815](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/815)
  * LF is adding staff for this and will make progress over the next couple of months.

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * Changes can be incremental.
  * Robin opening an issue for updates.

* Code of Conduct missing for a number of projects in projects table in README [#664](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/664)
  * Some projects still need to be updated to a unified CoC standardized process.
  * Annual project review process needs to be implemented. Luke will follow up.

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Dates and Reminders

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders:
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md

## Q&A, Other
  * Yagiz Nizipli - new and wants to be involved more.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

